label	pair	defid	definition
	handjog, the	5978795	adjectivea) a typo of the word \"handjob\" b) A handjob that is the equivalent of sexy jogging to a girl... its pace isnt too fast and not too slow, but still easier when going down
	hibertexting, hibertext	11821920	The progressive form of the verb \"hibertext\". An act involving someone who neglects and/or ignores all of their friends when they are texting a boy/girl that they are interested in.
	hibertexting, hibertext	11821907	The progressive form of the verb \"hibertext\" An act involving an individual who neglects and/or ignores all of their friends when they are texting a boy/girl whom they are interested in.
	hopefukky, the	5086169	origin: (c2010) a typo of the word hopefully due to misplaced right pinky on the keyboard.. to be in a perpetual state of horniness surviving on the hope you will have sex someday.
	lackfo, people	7207665	A short word for people who are \"LACK of inFO(rmation).\" Description: a slang word for people who like/just give opinions about the objects only from their views (and usually biased), but not try to discover other objective information which related to.
1	kittes, kittens	9946469	a short word for \"Kittens\" or \"Kitties\"
1	coolp, cool	1926991	The coolp way cool people say cool. Possibly started on the internet as a typo of cool. Ex. pwn Often in combination of Ish, another slang term. \"Oh ish that is Coolp!\"
	kbly, the	7953542	A last resort text that is used for extreme time constraints that allow for only one word, but the message needs to include the basics : \"K, bye, love, you\" ; or The utterly ridiculously lazy person that doesn't have enough energy in them to type out the actual words.
1	pwnt, own	629981	Originnally a typo of own, pwn also can be looked at as \"Pawned.\" pwnt is just the past tense of pwn.
	nikia, the	771414	A parody of the mobile phone company Nokia. Originates from a the common typo of the word Nokia.
	f'shixxle, f	1119065	For certain. A spin-off of F'sho, F'shizzle. It originated as a typo of F'shizzle.
1	oul, old	3081303	Irish slang, or way of pronouncing \"old\" in Irish accent. Simply means old.
1	durnk, drunk	1861646	An extremely high level of alcohol intoxication. The origin of the word comes from a common typo (someone trying to type drunk) that occurs while the person typing is intoxicated. Variations of the word include \"Slam Durnk\" and \"three sixty windmill slam durnk.\"
	euphemisms, or	1797527	The act or an example of substituting a mild, indirect, or vague term for one considered harsh, blunt, or offensive: Euphemism is an expression intended by the speaker to be less offensive, disturbing, or troubling to the listener than the word or phrase it replaces, or in the case of doublespeak to make it less troublesome for the speaker. When a phrase is used as a euphemism, it often becomes a metaphor whose literal meaning is dropped. Euphemisms are often used to hide unpleasant or disturbing ideas, even when the literal term for them is not necessarily offensive. This type of euphemism is used in public relations and politics, where it is sometimes disparagingly called doublespeak. There are also superstitious euphemisms, based (consciously or subconsciously) on the idea that words have the power to bring bad fortune (for example, not speaking the word \"cancer\"; see Etymology and Common examples below) and religious euphemisms, based on the idea that some words are sacred, or that some words are spiritually imperiling (taboo; see Etymology and Religious euphemisms below).
	dublidad, fuckhead	2204880	fuckhead but to the nth degree. Generally someone who is a fuckhead on purpose and loves every second of it. Originates from early nokia mobile phones with predictive text, particularly the 5110 - \"dublidad\" was the first suggestion by the internal dictionary when trying to type \"fuckhead\".
	dublidad, fuckhead	2203013	fuckhead but to the nth degree. Generally someone who is a fuckhead on purpose and loves every second of it. Originates from early nokia mobile phones with predictive text, particularly the 5110 - \"dublidad\" was the first suggestion by the internal dictionary when trying to type \"fuckhead\".
	bettering, the	10670856	A typo of the word 'Betterish'. Meaning feeling a little better, but not quite.
	wauta, the	2860962	The abbreviation for \"What are you thinking about?\". Often used by IMers too lazy to type out the full question
1	drammer, drummer	3288777	A person who causes, takes part in, and lives for creating drama. Like drama queen but can be of any gender or orientation. Originally a typo of \"drummer.\"
	pooned, the	1652313	A variation on the word \"pwned\", but DOES NOT HAVE THE SAME MEANING! Also COMMONLY MISTAKEN AS the word \"pwned\". Pooned is derived from the two words \"pwned\" (which is synonymous to \"owned\"; started in the online gaming community) and \"poon\" (which is a modern-day slang term for a woman's vagina). Pooned can have a number of different meanings. The most obvious definition would be derived from combining the meanings of the two source words together - hence meaning, to be beaten or owned by a girl or a woman. The word is also less commonly used to refer to a male who is \"pussy whipped\". A common application would be during Internet gaming, when a player announces herself to be female (upon which about 50% of the other male players in the server will commence to hit on her), and then commences to beat a male opponent. Everyone else in the same game server will then commence to type out \"pooned!\" (rather than \"pwned\") in an effort to ridicule the unfortunate player. Other common applications would include sports. Something interesting to note is the fequencey in which this word is mistaken for the word \"pwned\", especially in spoken language. Such a mistake could lead to very long awkward silences in group conversations (especially when there are women around) because of the word's phonetic similarity to the word \"poon\". Such a situation usually ends with the idiot being slapped by one of the more prominent females of the group, or just generally being laughed at and ridiculed by the whole group. It is also amusing to watch the uneducated (usually prepubescent boys around the age of 13 who are obssesively addicted to Internet gaming) running abound shouting the word \"pooned\" at each other when what they mean to say is \"pwned\". A final note on misusage, the source word \"pwned\" is simply \"pwned\" (pronounced p-owned). Not \"pooned\", not \"pweened\", not \"pwooned\", or anything else some idiot could possibly come up with, just \"pwned\". The history of the word \"pwned\" began when people would try to type out the word \"owned\" really fast, but would hit the \"p\" key instead of the \"o\" key on accident. \"pwned\" took on more popularity than \"owned\" after that. It is not some fancy word that some genius geek-elite out there invented, it simply began with the word \"owned\" and should thus be pronounced like the word \"owned\". Fin.
	guns, the	5541951	The constant annoyance for any Blackberry users if they're trying to type the name \"Gina\". Guns is always the first selection.
	jote, a	3733634	verb. The act of beginning to type out a comment over AIM, only to stop and delete it. Joting often annoys and frustrates the person on other end of the computer screen, for he knows that his counterpart opted out of his original thought. The awesomeness of \"jote\" is magnified when one realizes how dirty it seems to anyone who does not know its definition.
	bid, awesome	3644831	An amazingly chill person or item, so cool for anyone to handle. It is x10 greater than the word awesome, and has a much greater feeling when said.
	spooked, to	10361355	1. A new racial slur that is highly offensive and should never be used. 2.Scaring people via freaky coincidences, being a goob, and teen-like pranks. 3.Getting fucked by a white person. 4. One of the three ethnic groups of Europe. 5. The imperfect preterite tense of the verb to spook, spook being an action done by a Spooker. The Spooker class is a special group of people, animals, and inanimate objects who have sworn allegiance to ban any Tricksters, their rivals of the class Tricker, from entering Spooker territory.
	feld, fold	1393493	The past tense of the verb \"fold\", not to get confused with \"teld\" the past tense of the verb \"told\".
	mongze, the	698147	A typo of the word \"omg\". Word created by the famous Catlin aka Ember.
	castaneda, it	12771350	Castaneda is a handsome last name that is owned by a handsome young man. Castaneda is Mr.Right. Castaneda is a young trusting adult. He is a weirdo but funny, he will always be there to make you laugh. Castaneda is a really active young man. If you find a guy with the last name of Castaneda. Then I'm telling you that you better hold on to him. The last name Castaneda is rare last name, not only does it have a unique spelling it also has a very unique way of pronouncing it. His favorite colors might be red and blue. His favorite superhero might be Batman and his favorite supervillain might be the Joker. He is the love of your life, the apple of your eye, or the \"one\". He is a loving human being. He has lots of friends and he also can keep a girl. Castaneda is the last name of a man that sees everything in a girl, he doesn't just see her body, he sees a girl for their smile, their beauty, their laugh, (Etc.). Just know that you can always trust a man with the last name of Castaneda because he is not only your best friend, he is your lover, and he is trustworthy. Castaneda is also the last name of a team player, a intelligent, a charming handsome, and active trusting young man. The last name Castaneda should be the last name that you want to have one day.
	kleen, the	12862237	A typo for the actual word Clean
	hath, to	2581968	hath (has) Pronunciation:'hath, (h)&#601;th archaic present 3d singular of have v. archaic form of the verb to have (third person singular) archaic third person singular present of have. P.S.: These definitions are adopted and quoted from the \"BABYLON6\" dictionary..
	shain, shania	2902020	a short word for Shania Twain; popular country and pop music
	bitcher, the	2557721	An increasingly more common typo of the word \"butcher\".
1	grul, girl	1807576	An ethnic way of pronouncing \"girl\" in the projects of New York's Lower East Side. When used, it connotes affection.
1	xomg, zomg	1610172	A typo of 'ZOMG' (which is often sarcastically used towards people who say OMG alot, or are stating the obvious) When someone mis-types ZOMG as XOMG it often leaves them looking foolish, and as dumb as the person he/she was trying to make fun of. XOMG would usually be used by someone who is trying to look good infront of his internet buddies...
	tl;dt, a	10240170	Stands for too long; didn't type. Commonly used for when you're too lazy to type out a long message, you just get to the basic stand points.
	rap, the	2009201	A typo of the word 'crap' commonly seen before the word 'music'.
	hie, the	12004702	Hie is a common typo of the word \"hoe\" it means you are a hoe of supreme hoeness so much that just the word 'hoe' isn't enough to describe it so HIE is hoe to the 2nd power.
	trebbing, to	4356188	The gerund form of the verb To Treb. Trebbing is using Alex Trebek as a recreational drug. Side effects include Canadian heritage, smart ass knowledge, and an intense hatred for your tenured position.Other street names include: Trib, Trob, Bacon n' Trebs, Fat Treb, Hot Treb, Deep Treble, That GOOD Shit, Trebicle, Treblesome, Trebdiculous, Treb Door, Trebpipulous, Trebdapadon.
	qoeeiws, the	2329327	A typo of the word worried.
	kempey, bob	1895356	A very immature child, who does not understand anything more complex than the word \"bob\" and is unable to keep his mouth shut. Kempey will never change the subject without the force of 120 busses making him. Kempey also often addresses his pets as if they were his sex partners.
	tyopis, in	5268228	While crafting in FFXIV, the result of trying to type in a sentence before the chat box is cleared, leading to misspelled words.
	aksing, ask	3730044	ebonics: preposition of the verb 'ask' in the ebonic tongue; to ask a question, to inquire after or about.
1	thoug, though	1486860	A typo of 'though', although miles better than the original. Was invented when someone known only from his foldable spork carrying ways was tired and typing on MSN.
	funkyiffy, aforementioned	852553	(v) Actions that have questionable sensual morality. Unspecific sexual connotations. (n) A person with unique character. A person that displays description of the verb aforementioned.
	urd, yes	2396234	URD is an ancient term which can be used to describe many things. URD can ulso be used as a battle cry. Before running into combat, it is traditional for some cultures to run in screaming \"URD!!!!!!!!\" before fighting their enemy in close quarters combat. URD is also a typo of 'yes' but that is irrelevant...
1	fook, facebook	2741303	a shortened version of the verb facebook, i.e. to use the website facebook esp. in western North America
	friendually, to	6389140	Adjective form of the verb to friend.
1	wtd, wtf	5779212	When you are trying to type WTF (what the fuck) and instead make a typo and type WTD, thus making (what the duck)
1	awesong, the	4028608	A typo of the word Awesome, that generally means awesomer than awesome.
	dawing, drawing	11926845	1. (as a verb) A portmanteau of the verb \"drawing\" and the onomathopeia \"d'aww\". The art of eliciting D'aww's from the viewers of your cute art. 2. (as a noun) A cute artwork making you go \"D'aww\", the final stage of dawing.
1	sneal, sneak	4500719	What players that hang in the Lucario board often do.Originated from a typo of \"sneak\", it fell into use on Smash World Forums' Lucario board.Snealing is widely known to be illegal in Texas. We do it anyways.
	fcuk, the	433189	Originally a typo of the word \"fuck\", this word has taken on its own meaning and is official in the Urban Dictionary. Since the word it is derived from has such a vulgar meaning, fcuk has a pleasant meaning. For comical purposes, of course. 1. to fcuk(v.): to hug; to cuddle 2. a fcuk; fcuker(n.): a very huggable person; one who enjoys cuddling with others 3. fcuking(adj.): of the state of being that is related to warm and fuzzy cuddlyness.
	kik, out	1218434	a common misplacement of fingers when trying to type out \"lol\".
1	joco, jacuzzi	1554541	Short word for Jacuzzi. Used for the word jacuzzi.
1	anic, asshole	642331	A short word for \"asshole\" like in the Sum 41 song , ANIC or \"asshole\" also comes from a canadian slang
	fucking, fuck	10807861	present participle of the verb \"fuck\"
	schwob, cunt	3881060	A dirty, crusty, and bloody vagina. More offensive than the word cunt! Credit to Joe for the letter 'B' at the end.
	larg, larf	2083193	1) a playful insult, similar in meaning to 'big silly goose'... could be use by a gay person or friend. 2) a typo of larf.
1	potheat, pothead	5129715	The warmth coming from a stove or fire to heat a pot.Also - A typo for 'pothead'
1	whorescum, whoreslag	2048393	A derogatory term used when the individual words whore and scum are insufficient. A variant on the word whoreslag. This reference, unlike whoreslag, has it's origins confirmed in a certain anti-chav site. It has more of an edge than the word whoreslag because of it's use of the word scum.
1	jigga, giga	1398254	A europeans way of pronouncing 'giga', the prefix for units such as watts, bytes etc.
	paracetalol, the	2619463	a) a derogatory term used in expressing a lack of faith in a particular brand/course of medication b) a far better way of pronouncing the common household painkiller 'paracetamol'
1	beacuase, because	5527266	A substitute for \"because\" when attempting to intelligently justify something you know cannot be intelligently justified.A typo of \"because\" made by axman13 during a review of Super PSTW Action RPG, made famous by Dmac's \"Dot Dot Dot\" audio and animated by RicePirate on newgrounds.com.Pronounced \"bee-ah-koo-az\"
1	barlw, brawl	3149912	A typo of \"Brawl\", as in Super Smash Bros. Brawl
	chelsy, and	4612601	Usually blonde, amazing beautiful inside and out. If you find one she will the most loyal friend you can ever have. Her heart is bigger than the word and no one could ever hate her. She has curves like and hour glass and smarts like a dolphine.
	lawyered, to	663538	past tense of the verb to lawyer.
	moefully, it	625708	an adverb to express a enhanced presence of the verb it describes.
	ideotic, stupid	10660564	When someone is more stupid than the word stupid
0	swattablocked, swattablock	12790360	The past tense of the verb swattablock.Known as the act of having prevented sexual relations between the two members of a heterosexual couple. Commonly known as the shortened way of saying that someone has both \"cockblocked\" and \"cunt swatted\" simultaneously, thus preventing either party from engaging in coitus.There are a number of reasons why a couple may be swattablocked many experts argue that it is often simply an accident; however, in recent years studies have shown that spite, jealousy, and pettiness may be the primary factors that bring about the swattablock.
1	chtn, chatting	2239488	Chtn is a short word for chatting.
1	noid, nerd	5632038	The proper way of pronouncing \"nerd\" if you are a nerd.
	anime, it	8154302	A series of shows in a different form or style As in Japan is called Anime but Really Referred to Animation which is a short word for it and usually Referred to Manga which is Comics in Japan or Otaku Also Having a Fandom for Anime and Manga or Anime is known as Tv show or Different Slides of drawings which is In Japan.
	sa-lut, the	1152075	A sly way of pronouncing the word slut; used to describe pretty, nympho ballerinas.
1	rorl, rofl	5218394	RORL was invented when an awesome person who we can't name made a type-o whilst trying to type ROFL, meaning rolling on floor laughing, since the \"r\" is right on top of the \"f\" so cut the awesome person some slack. Then, the idiot whom the awesome person was talking to decided to make a dumb acronym for RORL which was Rolling on Roof Laughing. Thus RORL was born and is now commonly used by people trying to mix it up so that they don't write lol ALL THE TIME!
1	dakots, dakota	1025665	1. Sliced, salted, deep-fried spuds, cut into 8 sides like a stereotypical diamond. Much like potato chips or fries but cut into 8 sides. 2. iArchaic/i A typo of Dakota. In the Runescape clan Dreadlords, the player Gryphonruler made a typo when spelling Dakota. He was spelling Dakota since a member was called Dakota###. The first meaning does not actually exist, but rather is a spoof of Gryphonruler's typo.
	gopod, the	1146279	The God of the Internet. Originated on USENET in the late, late 80's, most likely as a typo of the word God
1	hiddened, hidden	12059470	What you write when you're trying to type \"hidden\" and you're a complete fucking moron who doesn't know how to English.
	fack, the	1999208	A certain way of pronouncing the word \"fuck\". May be confused with the swedish word for locker. Has happened a few times :/
	chode, chidechide	374613	before the current slang definition, chode used to be used as the imperfect tense of the verb chidechide:chode::shit:shat.
1	nv, never	2664851	short word for never. great anytme wen tlkin 2 ur frnds.
	lofse, the	3670373	The end result of sneezing while trying to type the word love. Lofse can be a more sentimental way of saying \"I love you\" to your significant other. Or just a goofy way.
	smoocharoo, to	2413566	A combination of the verb to smooch (to cuddle, kiss a little and perhaps even go as far as getting to 2nd base) and the last part of the word for the animal Kangaroo (Weird, furry, jumping animal, native to Australia. Often regarded as cuddly, soft and sweat which is actually a misconception as the bastards will kick the shit outta ya if you get too close. They also make great bbq meat. But that aside.) You give your loved one a smoocharoo when you want to keep the end of your conversation short. Rather than getting into the whole 'I want to kiss you allover, hold you real tight, I'll miss you so much, You hang up first, No YOU hang up first; you just say: 'Smoocharoo, babe.'
	cool, awesome	5594871	The word \"cool\" is a word of far superior quality than the word \"awesome.\" The word \"awesome\" is connotated most frequently with bum pirates, drug-riddled shoplifters, or other people of generally poor caliber, whereas the word \"cool\" connotates a standard of being far exceeding all other words. \"Cool\" has been used throughout time and space and will continue to be the supreme king of all that is admirable, great, or majestic. \"Awesome\" forever will be a subset of the word \"cool\", but \"cool\" is without a doubt the indisputed champion, godfather, and ultimate, complete, freakishly perfect winner of all other words... especially \"awesome.\"
	gt, those	4033921	Girl talk. Of course you're going to gossip bother before and after having a girl talk, so you definitely don't have the time to type out those 8 letters. GT makes it easier.Thank you lazy modern society.
1	kolz, lolz	4067090	Its what you accidentally type when you're drunk and trying to type \"lolz\".
1	tamar, tomorrow	1386392	Short word for \"Tomorrow\"
	intesticide, fart	10102546	Intesticide is the gaseous chemical appetite-suppressant vapor that one stores in their alimentary tract and quietly applies to a room full of unsuspecting people while cropdusting.A combination of the words pesticide and intestinesSynonymous with the noun form of the verb fart
1	nbeed, need	8289796	a typo of \"need\"
	neopets, your	4394592	\"Neopets\" is a virtual pet site where you can not only throw away your time, but also your money, sanity, and social life! Though it has a \"battledome\", a place where you can have your pet fight another pet with various weapons, the word \"hit\" is blocked from the chatboards to prevent naughty discussions, because on Neopets, bad things don't exist! And good old \"TNT\" (the neopets team) blocked all words related to Twilight, isn't that great? Now, you can struggle to type out your Uncle Edward, Grandma Bella, and sister Alice's names! If that's not enough to get you to join, get this! After all the time you've spent collecting pixels, TNT just might freeze you for hacking, for no reason whatsoever! Cool, huh? Neopets even has this great feature where you can report anybody you want! That's right! Anyone! Did that sarcasm hurt your feelings? Well lucky for you, one fake sob story and click of a button, and they're gone! The best part is, over 70% of the population are illiterate 11 year olds who whine and cry and angst and squeal about crappy bands! There's even bitchy adults who TNT just adore, that spend all of their lives hovering over a computer screen instead of tending to their children and going on dates! Isn't that fun? Well, I hope you enjoy your time on Neopets!
	jekred, and	10507846	Someone who is fapping/masturbating while trying to type and misspells words due to it.
	legite, legit	4991582	not actually a typo of \"legit\", unlike other definitions you see here.means not just to be clean, but clean and CLASSY.
	vagiba, vagina	7554933	When a drunk person tries to type out vagina.
	duuh, duh	5693450	Duuh is a typo of \"Duh\". Often like \"Lool\" this is caused by fat finger syndrome (FFS) Either that or you're just too stupid to type out \"Duh\" \"Duuh\" is also the sound a walrus makes (Or at least we imagine so)
	nigger, nigga	1398134	1) one who is of african descent. 2) an insult to anyone of any culture not African. 3) somehow worse than the word \"nigga.\"
1	mitel, mr	6146992	The bilingual (Spanish/English) way of pronouncing \"Mr.\" It can be either a good or bad adjective based on tone and use in a sentence. It has to be pronounced in the accent as well (Meeeeee-Tell)Female version: Meesy (Meeee-Seeee)
1	lmaw, lmao	3862266	1. A Typo of lmao 2. the sound a bird makes
1	lmaw, lmao	1927211	The word lmaw was first typed in the popular pc game counter-strike. The word lmaw was meant to mean Light Multi-purpose Assault Weapon, but was misinterpreted to be a typo of lmao. People started to say lmaw while they didn't know what it actually meant, thus is became the ultmate lmao substitute.
1	thereforce, therefore	5654834	A term first used by GM TWL originally a typo for therefore but has now become a meme, it represents the generation of kids that will become gamers. They contain so much force in their path that there can only be one generation.
	gg, and	11920312	Literally something that you say after every match on a multiplayer video game.An acronym for \"good game\" or \"go go\" (usually said at the start of a match). It's usually used because it's very quick to type out and you want to acknowledge the other gamers that you played with without having to start an awkward conversation that no one really want to participate in.
	dique, decir	1909496	A slang created by the Afro-Caribbeans of the Republic of PANAMA. The word is derived from the combination of di (a derivative of the verb decir) and the word que. It is currently used in place of like, as if, or in a manner.
	squoze, squeeze	4086620	The past tense of the verb \"squeeze\". The more you say it, the more it sounds like an actual word.
	goals, hot	12818716	Goals is a short word for hot af, mostly for girls name stephania. Stephania's have brown hair/blonde and blue eyes/brown. If you ever meet a stephania your going to be blown away
	sdjkf, something	2593906	Sdjkf is the computer equivalent of bleh. It is generally the result of a uncontrolable and unmotivated attempt at trying to type something coherent on a computer keyboard while not really caring what actually comes out. This term is also occasionally come across in office documents when your 3 year old finds your laptop while you're doing something else.
	analzing, the	11123060	When you try to type out the word \"analyzing\", but end up making an ass of yourself.
