	wordbook, dictionary	1983333  (noun) a compilation of words with their meanings in a given language. \"Urban Dictionary\" is a wordbook, since it is more compilation than pronunciation guide (the true derivation of the word \"dictionary\").
	dipset, and	2030507  Dipset is a very interesting word. No one knows what the hell it means, all that is known is that the Diplomats say it so it must be cool. Harverd University did a study of the word and found that no one knew what it ment or how it came to be. Only the Diplomats know for sure, but it sure does sound cool, so we will let them say it, and besides if we asked to many questions Cam would pop a cap in our asses.
	wazard, water	5184838  Another word for Water hazard in golf. Could be confused with Lazard which is another word for lateral hazard in golf. Not to be confused with O.B or B.O.
	keerful, careful	2018808  Ebonics for the word \"careful\"
	raychill, rachel	1884910  a scene/myspace way to say Rachel.
	sidetracted, sidetracked	2938516  A combination of the word sidetracked and distracted, common in organizations in UCI.
	shucky-ducky, shit	1849808  a term used as a replacement for the word shit. Also may be used as a term of endearment.
	cooshua, coochie	4068589  another word for coochie or vagina.
	nubsicle, noob	459627  another word for 'noob'
	vagine, vagina	"2096314  From the movie \"Borat\". It is another word for vagina. More specifically, it can be used to describe third-world vagina.
2735998                                                                                     Another word for vagina only funnier.
2951058                                                                 the most pleasent way to say vagina without saying vagina"
	pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis, will	7268868  A lung disease caused by silica dust found in unclean atmosphere.One of the longest, if not THE longest word in the English language, if the disease doesn't affect you, the sheer length of the word will.
	snapuh!, is	2568593  A random utterance often shouted by PotterCast hosts and fans in the know. The root of the word is the name Snape, the infamous Potions Master in the Harry Potter book series, which leads to the legendary tale of it's usage. But if you don't know the story, it's possible you were never meant to be.
	fleeping, fucking	2121851  fleeping is a word in an insult. it is to replicate the usage of the word 'fucking' which is used a lot throughout many normal peoples lives. it means a person who frolicks around like a lamb would leaping, but is more fleeping than usual. it can mean, also within the insult manner again, a person who engages in many sexual activities with old people (fleeper.)
	congratufuckinlations, congratulations	1037172  A bitterly sarcastic variation of the word congratulations. Usually used by someone in a very fowl mood. Not appropriate for formal settings.
	ssa, stupid	5065818  Stupid, stupid asshole. The redundancy of the word \"stupid\" is critical as the phrase was coined by a complete and utter loser (SSA, if you will) while trying to articulate the names his wife called him. I quote: \"She calls me stupid, stupid and sometimes even ASSHOLE!\" SSA's are typically oblivious to their imbecilic rants, but everyone around them is well aware of their chronic, idiotic existence.
	fiod, dick	11604457  another word for dick
	fmuta, out	2865908  adjective acronym for internet FUCK ME UP THE ASS. can be both positive or negative depending on context. you can also say the word out loud (f-mooo-ta)
	snoot, a	11721912  Another word for a cigarette.Invented by a couple stoners in the Midwest, one was so high they forgot what a cigarette was called. The only word they could think of referring to a cigarette was 'snoot'. Thus, the word was created.
	librare, library	3574923  A shortened form of the word library, this word originated by a wonderful, miraculous accident. Best used alongside many abbreviated words.
	kaaaaaay, k	6151535  Can be used in a number of ways :1. Used as 'Okay',2. Used as another way of saying 'Riiiiiiiiiiight..' ,3. Used as a looooooooooooong way of saying 'K' ,4. Used To make people feel stupid :p .
	dermit, damn	1121076  another word for damn
	beautifuk, beautiful	12605356  Commonly misinterpreted as a spelling mistake of the word \"Beautiful\", this completely intentional play on words, does in fact describe the act of sex with a beautiful woman.This originated in Bolton, UK. Where sex with a girl who is considered 7/10 or above is a complete rarity, hence the need for a word to describe this incredibly scarce moment.It can only be likened to seeing a live pangolin in the wild.
	stedes, std	2858222  another way of saying std
	chum, ejaculating	2146048  Chum is another word for ejaculating
	morphant, a	4248478  Another word for a mutant.
	muck, fuck	1407357  a unique replacement for the non-sexual meanings of the word 'fuck' that sounds really cool. also, mucked, mucking
	dangut, dangit	10913480  another word for dangit
	olawd, oh	6605601  Another way to say Oh Lord!
	aungelique, french	3413387  another word for french prostitute.
	stutid, stupid	4289293  Baby language for the word \"Stupid\"
	bizelnitch, punk	443814  the non-vulgar way of saying punk bitch.
	tallywacker, penis	10836935  Another word for penis
	shadank, bomb	2791655  An adjective meaning awesome or amazing, reserved for only the best nouns. other forms: Shadankly, Shadankalicious, an Shadankness *may also be used instead of the word bomb
	projidy, the	5505090  Another way of saying the word \"prodigy\".Often said by hot people, unintentionally being just plain adorable. Anyone who says the word projidy often is a prodigy.Also often said just to wind other people's minds of which word is correct.YEAH MAN
	feathered, feathers	1938465  The state of being stoned or under the influence of pot. Comes from the use of the word feathers to mean weed.
	bbp, sex	4968835  boom boom pow. another word for sex, especially particularly good sex.
	privlege, privilege	4543434  A misspelling of the word privilege, which Collins English Dictionary defines as follws:privilege (privileges plural & 3rd person present) (privileging present participle) (privileged past tense & past participle ) 1 n-count: A privilege is a special right or advantage that only one person or group has.2 n-uncount: If you talk about privilege, you are talking about the power and advantage that only a small group of people have, usually because of their wealth or their high social class.3 n-sing: You can use privilege in expressions such as be a privilege or have the privilege when you want to show your appreciation of someone or something or to show your respect.4 verb: To privilege someone or something means to treat them better or differently than other people or things rather than treat them all equally. (=favour)
	frony, the	1574180  Another word for the woman genitalia. Its abit like fanny but its not. Comes from a spelling error of the word front, which could stand for front bum.
	niglet, piglet	2400020  A Baby black Kid, Taken From the Word \"piglet.\" A Form Of The Word \"Piglet\" and \"Nigga\" Niglet A Baby Black Human Being
	shoppes, shops	1578013  a highly obnoxious, forced anglicization of the word \"shops.\" this alteration of the aforementioned, socially acceptable word (\"shops\") is prevalent in tourist traps and other kitschy locations (i.e. pennsylvania). intended to sound homey and old fashioned, this vernacular does not mesh well with the 21st century. note: this verbiage seems to be a favorite of the QVC crowd.
	booty, butt	"7822019  another word for butt or assalso known as khein
8211811            Another word for butt, anis, ass etc."
	verberize, is	2651809  the act of making any word an action word even if the real definition of the word is a pro-noun, prepositions, noun, or adjectives and sometimes verbs
	arse, crook	3066323  \"Arse\" n. 1. Arse is usually a derogatory term used to label one's posterior or backside or bum or what have you and 2. Arse can be used with the same derogatory inference to describe a person. In Australian variation English, depending on the context, \"arse\" might connote something with a more neutral inference adding humour to the flavour of a discussion. In American variation English, \"arse\" is usually written and pronounced \"ass\". In Standard English, \"ass\" connotes mules or donkeys. As English has become the 'international language' and many countries have adopted English as their national language as a consequence of British imperialism, particularly in the 18th and 19th centuries, over time the language has been adapted to the local landscape and been shaped by various influences. Examples like the 'arse/ass' dichotomy abound. In Australia, no one gets upset if they are asked if they are \"crook\". Americans rebound in insulted horror at the use of the word \"crook\" to describe their well-being.
	faigot, faggot	1973383  another word for \"faggot\" -a male who is an fucking gay as cunt. -realised by recording saying \"toggaf\" then playing it back it pronounces faigot..
	jackman, jackman	1340603  The word Jackman first showed up in the mid to later 1980's and originates from the Island of Maui, Hawaii. The 1st meaning of the word Jackman is a reference that women used to describe a man who could completely and throughly sexually satisfy them with the target referent individual a notied local named \"Jack Martin\". It was said that his smooth approach, sexual skills, prowess, endurance and imagination were second to none, leaving the fortunate woman 100% satisfied having only hopes of another(see)jakattack future engagement. (see 1) The 2nd meaning, recorded mid 1997 on the mainland Portland, Oregon, is indeed a derivitive of the first yet has a suttle difference. This 2nd meaning describes a feeling of contentment, fulfillment and expectation of a positive outcome or future; as in: \"seeing G W Bush go all the way to Bagdad was jackman!\" Sometimes mixed with the fisrt meaning only if the situation is germane. (see 2) The 3rd and present meaning is evolved from somewhat from the other two. \"Jackman\" is now heard in the context of of positive expectation of performance or outcome or to describe that trait to someone, mostly males as given by females. The confidence of a positive known outcome; as in: \"just one more little piece and our deal will be jackman!\" (see 3)
	twilight, misogynistic	3576571  Stephenie Meyer's book series for teenage girls. The first novel was good distracting trash reading with excellent mind-candy (Edward and his vampires) but ultimately spawned three increasingly crappy follow-ups. The main character and protagonist is Bella Swan, who lives in the middle of nowhere, Oregon (modern day), and is 16-18 throughout the series. Despite being the narrator, Bella cannot be considered the heroine, or even a likable character, to due her frequent acts of falling in front of cars, throwing herself off cliffs, threatening suicide, and other dumb shit. She has the typical \"not your normal teenage girl\" qualities, like clumsiness, academic intelligence, bookreading, and other traits that supposedly distinguish her from her peers. For example, she jokes that she is an \"albino\" and even reveals her knowledge of the word \"misogynistic\" (so witty! so clever!) but really, is overall an empty shell in which any other teenage girl can project her personality into and \"identify\" with. Also bears an uncanny resemblance to the books' author, Stephenie Meyer. Twilight would be a hell of a lot more readable without her running around, shrieking, fainting, and having seizures all over the place, and generally screwing things up. She falls in love with the hot, mysterious guy at her school, and naturally, the hot guy becomes obsessed with her. His name is Edward, he's a vampire, and he craves her blood, which creates a fascinating dynamic between them, but a petty excuse to justify love on his part. (More like after 108 years, Edward woke up one day, realized he was the oldest virgin on the face of the planet and realized that he needed to tap that fast) THe author asks the readers to believe that an intelligent and insanely hot vampire like Edward has never looked at any other girl, and plain, clumsy Bella is the only girl that has ever attracted him. Readers with sense roll their eyes, but the implausibility of the hot dangerous guy falling for the quiet, unattractive girl makes young virgins and bored housewives everywhere shriek. Twilight books fly off the shelves, and SM makes an instant fortune writing bad teenage high-school fantasy fanfiction. The writing itself is also pretty terrible. While admittedly addictive, SM should be fined for her use of thesaurus-rape, and the endless descriptions of Edward's physical beauty is enough to make anyone hurl onto the book cover. It's sexy as hell, but more often than not proceeds like this: Bella: I love you. Edward: I like you too, but I might kill you and I need time to brood (instant fainting and sighs occur) Bella: But I want you. Edward: You're a moron for wanting me. Bella: I dont like CARE YOU'RE SO GORGEOUS, stay with me or i'll like kill myself, your hair is so bronze and sexy OMG OMG Then after reading the book you're amazed to find out that the whole series serves to present the overarching theme of Mormon chastity. Thus Edward and Bella doesn't get down and dirty until the fourth book, to everyone's disappointment (sexual tension is always better than doing the nasty, in which we dont even WANT to know how rock-hard Edward and delicate Bella get it on). The ending is of course, happy and shit. SM tries to get all Anne Rice/LOTR by writing about the Vulturi, a secret vampire order and shit, but it becomes very lame and in the end you don't care who they are. Oh, and Bella gets pregnant with a half-vampire, half-human fetus, and upon birth Edward has to tear it out of her stomach with his teeth. True story.
	ruxay, wank	12168057  A translated version of the word Wank in the great Somalian language
	fairy, pussy	10669142  A British way of saying pussy.
	negreaux, wigger	2002997  A white person who really really wants to be black. But they dont fint in with the black kids, only the other negreauxes; another word for wigger
	skreet, street	1285636  the ghetto way of saying street. usually when one is too lazy to use the correct pronunciation.
	zenbad, bad	897174  The term is a derogatory term used to define that someone (or something) is really hopeless at what that do. Derivative of the word bad Source, believed to originate from fighters within the covenant.
	tmto, lmao	9472134  Titter my tail off.The newest, coolest way to say 'lmao'.
	excrement, excellent	1290038  another word for excellent
	thar, there	5374883  Another word for 'there', usually said when using an accent of some sort Can also be Thars, which could be used to replace 'there is'.
	kurappu, crap	12509988  An Asian way of saying crap. Use Kurappu in cases where the word crap is too short
	titsi, shit	4039878  Other word for shit.
	rattenjunge, rattenjunge	1848875  in general rattenjunge is a synonym for loser. a rattenjunge is often described as a miserable slightly human being whose purpose in the world can be argued. some think it is necessary element of socitey concerning it wipes out a lot of trash because it is its favourite source of food. but most people consider it to be an annoyance in consideration of its disgusting outer appearance and strong body odor. a common use for the word rattenjunge is at a party when the boredom takes over and one unlucky person is choosen to be the scapegoat(rattenjunge). the rest of the evening is usually spent insulting this person using the negative features that go with the definition of a rattenjunge. historians believe the first rattenjunge(lat.: sebastius wawrycanus) was found in germany. the native people refer to him as \"wawy\" and still sacrifice nothing for him ,although they actually fear him, because they are afraid he will come back and eat the remains of the offering.
	n00d, n00b	199051  Another way of saying n00b.
	bihh, big	2609274  an incorrect pronunciation of the word \"big.\" means bigger than big.
	xxx, porn	145894  1. Another, shorthand way of saying porn. 2. A James Bond wannabe movie starring the infamous Vin Diesel. 3. Means \"extreme\"
	brejit, homie	5735789  Another word for \"homie\"
	aaful, awful	2760231  A northern version of the word awful, originating from Ryton rugby club. The word began to get used when the Geordie accent tried to say the word awful and simply found it to southern and posh. This need word however is far from posh but can still be used to describe a awful person.
	cherklit, chocolate	3942529  A black, dark skinned, \"chocolate\" colored person.Someone of African American decent.A variation of the word \"chocolate\".
	smice, sweet	8050619  A mixture of the word \"sweet\" and \"nice\". Don't ask where the \"M\" comes from.
	cory, well	8367171  A man that has the mental capacity of a squirrel and LOVES French maid costumes. Ladies throw up in the presence of his irresistible charm.His likes include- Correcting others' grammar (in particular, proper use of the word \"well\") ; long walks on the beach; making breakfastHis dislikes include- Yawning; bland people; seaweed
	dude-sleep, good	5033278  Another word for good looking guys who need beauty sleep.
	auesumeness, awesomeness	3319863  A misspelling of the word \"awesomeness\". Used to show happiness, excitement,etc.
	sulla, penis	1712635  another word for penis in telugu aka dick
	nbr'ing, was	4132163  NBR'ing (verb): The act of giving a handjob. Usually given for a favor or compensation of some sort.History: Started on a NW firearms forum, referring to a member whose psuedonym's name is abbreviated NBR, who jokingly gives handjobs (although the person has not, to many's knowledge, performed this act upon anyone other than himself.) The first use of the verb conjugation of the word was used in a thread referencing how to get a California sherriff to give you a Concealed Carry License.
	hype, effort	5773540  Another word for effort. Usually in terms of how much energy would be used to do something. Whether something is worth doing or not based on how difficult it would be. Stoner Slang.
	emocore, emo	852780  anyone who know's anything about \"emo\" knows that emocore is just a longer way of saying emo... it's the exact same thing and anyone who thinks A Static Lullaby and The Used are \"emo\" should be shot in the neck..
	soc, sock	1583708  Abbreviated way of saying \"sock.\"
	tlk, talk	3232774  Short for the word talk. Vowels have been removed.
	shawg, whatever	3501593  Another way of saying 'whatever' Or just an automatic reply.
	red, rad	2858392  This word was created from the world rad. It became 'red' because the creators, Emz and Renn, were tired of people stealing their red words, and turning them into something they weren't. It was named, therefore, after Emz and Renn, because it incorporates both of their names into one word, plus adding the ending of the word 'rad' into it, as well. Red is another way of expressing how cool something is, although it is a stronger world than 'cool' An example of using this word, is shown below...
	daddy, father	1342859  Redneck, hillbilly way of saying \"father\" or \"dad\"
	uhdubbaday, duh	1097652  A mumbling of words made up by one heck of a weirdo used when there is nothing to say, you don't understand something, or in place of the word DUH.
	rate, deserve	4487120  Used in the military, most specifically the Marine Corps, as another word for \"deserve.\"
	butter, better	8580505  1. The white or yellow cream goes with almost every food. 2. The word rednecks or people with country accents say the word better.
	dank, rad	2463048  Another way of saying \"rad\"
	ghona-sypha-herpa-drip, someone	3116051  a) A nasty STD combo. b) a cool way of saying someone is skanky or a whore.
	eased, easy	2388452  Eased (v): 1. Verb form of the word easy or ez 2. A salutation used in victory after you just totally owned someone. It's roots stem from the mmorpg Subspace/Continuum.
	doingin, do-ing	4295397  Pronounced like it sounds (DOYN-GEHN)A much more interesting and fun way of saying Do-ing. Especially if followed by it (DOYN-GEHNIT)
	pooned, owned	1475588  Pooned originated from pwned, which originated from owned. Pwned was made popular in counterstrike, as a more \"1337\" way of saying owned. Owned was mispelled as pwned in some other game, i think warcraft, which is how pwned came about, sort of a joke. Pooned came to my attention from watching the MyGot hacker flash video of counterstrike, in which it portrays some nerd saying pwned outloud, hence the pronunciation \"pooned.\" E.G.- \"OMG, i love the map dust, i can poon so many noobs, and maybe if i poon enough noobs today, i can raise my server rank from 3 to 1 (hehehe)\" I then myself started using poon and pooned while playing counterstrike cuz it was funny as hell when people asked, \"wtf does pooned mean?\" Now, apparently, a lot of people use it, i haven't seen it though, only on servers i play in, in which case the bastards stole the word from me. They should be pooned for that.
	babbomd, it	6351740  Babbomd (ba.boom.ed)Stands for - Bad Ass Bitch Bouncing On My Dick.The idea of \"Bad ass bitch bouncing on my dick\" originated from a song, and was recently turned into a converstation provoker, or ender.When using the word there is no wrong way to say it or pronounce it. And it can be said in any context, at any time.
	shank, is	4919893  Hebrew slang for transsexual man or woman, it is only used as a noun. The etymological origin of the word is descendent from a famous German Jewish Icon called Shankovich. He was an urban legend among the oppressed Jewish community in Munich under the Hitlerian Regime starting from 1938. Thus the Shank was applauded by his Jewish family members and community he was kidnapped by the Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler (LSSAH). The young man had been traumatized by the violence of the rapes he suffered from the members of the Hitlerian entourage. This distress leads the Shank into performing on himself a castration ceremony that was followed by a surgical procedure of sexual change. Sadly the word Shank is now used with a very negative connotation as it describes in Hebrew either a man who suffered from carnal anal acts with no consent, a man who lost his virility or simply a transsexual person.
	tampee, marijuana	538804  Another word for marijuana.
	sadomy, sodomy	8703862  Italians way to say \"sodomy\" or ass drilling
	rexbot, sexbot	4961215  A Robot sexbot. Alternative way of saying sexbot.
	epershand, ampersand	1876294  The Scots or Scottish English way of saying \"ampersand\".
	kono, know	1208523  Originally derived from an accidental mispelling of the word know. It is now used to describe something cool or awesome.
	winoors, shakas	8185878  Slang for window doors, another way of saying shakas
	grob, vagina	2544142  Another word for vagina.
	bunjulio, butthole	9384322  (Bun/hoo/leo) Another word for butthole or anus.
	on'ry, ornery	5746856  On'ry is an adjective and is a truncated version of the word \"ornery\". In the Baltimore, Maryland area, use of the term \"on'ry\" is quite common. In fact, in some of the Baltimore suburbs, reports have surfaced of locals beating down visitors for using \"ornery\" as opposed to the shortened, less complicated \"on'ry\". Attempts to question locals regarding this issue are usually met with a blank stare or an open-mouthed gaze downward.
	moist, and	921191  this is a word refering to something being wet or soggy. crazy-ass bitches are deathly afraid of the word and cringe when they hear it.
	subanki, saying	6153812  Subanki- An Indian girls name, Anyone with the name 'Subanki' are usually, talkative, friendly and skinny. However, the bad sides, two-faced and very jealous.Subanki is also another word for saying, sloths, dogs and other sort of animals.
	mollocka, mollocka	855992  -A disproportionately large person; one who far exceeds the physical standards of being considered human. -The word \"mollocka\" originates from the names of two large creatures. The \"lock\" is taken from the Lochness monster and the pronunciation of the word \"mollocka\" is parallel to the pronunciaiton of Chewbacca, the large and shaggy \"Star Wars\" character. The \"m-o\" is taken from the first two letters of the word \"monster.\"
	sore, saw	4935474  A New England way of saying \"saw\". Mostly said by teenage girls.
	vaginormous, large	5341537  A word used to describe something so breath breathtakingly large. It is, at the moment, the largest form of the word large.
