	hipefully, hopefully	5508798  Variation of the word hopefully, to be used in situations where you are truly desperate for something to occur. (Never to be used as a typo for \"hopefully\")
	ogg, began	398268  Verb - a suicide-attack used against an opposing player. From an Online Multiplayer game called Netrek, Circa 1990+. Roots of the verb began when a player who was playing for the origin team (O), with player designator 'g', used the tactic to sucessfully defend an area of the Netrek universe. (All players had a 1 character representation on the graphical screen. This particular person's Designation happened to be \"Og\" at the time). Enemy ships would take damage not only from your weapons, but also from the subsequent explosion of your ship. Ogging, or \"to ogg\", is now considered to be a standard online gaming tactic; and has been used for over a decade in Netrek.
	nig, nigger	1045196  n. less offensive, shorter version of nigger. v. to jack; twart.
	back, consists	2424449  verb. 1) to tell someone to \"chill\"; relax, fall back. 2) commonly used to shut down a stupid remark or completely end a conversation. 3) also used to completely shut down a stupid action another person does. 4) a more stronger form of the verb consists of a double back; i.e. \"BACK BACK!\". this phrase originated out of the vicinity of Mt. St. Joseph High School in historical Irvington, around the period of 06-07 school years. Its popularity has grown and continues to flourish amongst the Mt. St. Joseph Community and is begining to spread at a rapid paste. Although to term's weight itself is hard to grasp, one must take time as practice to completely master its effectiveness see corresponding examples from definitions...
	taena, the	4410487  a shorter version of the filipino curse word tangina
	arright, alright	1490638  used in the same place as 'alright', but applicable in situations where more emphasis than the word 'alright' provides. also, for added emphasis, users of the word will commonly add \"MNNNN\" to the front of the word and to lead into the grand ARRRRRRRIGHT finale
	powerblinking, a	7094055  a shorter version of a power nap
	zablon, sable	10633458  A christian name that is spelled out differently than the word \"Sable\" in french that means \"grit\". Zablon is a small person, Shy with people, Often smart but not the most good looking. The person is also very homosexual. Small dick and finds it hard to make all the boys cum.
	escallacious, amazing	7449596  More amazing than the word 'amazing' is capable of expressing.
	cbk, the	433236  Shorter version of the term Cockblock. Its used to confuse females who figure out the art of cockblocking. Also used as a \"gang\" for known cockblockers.
	baef, or	2404827  Pronunciation: 'bayef' or 'baayyffee'; a lazy, fat, and 'retarded' way of pronouncing or 'letting \"beef\" leak out of your mouth'. 1. One who is of unusually large; a) Size b) Idiotic tendencies c) Smelly decsent d) Fat & retarded proportions e) All of the above 2. A whimsical way of insulting your friends, usually with no intended verbal harm.--Usually.
	dullify, dull	4762112  An attempted conjugation of the verb Dull. Known to be used by television producers, in particular those who write scripts for commercials advertising spanish football, in an attempt to keep their audience on it's toes.
	iydmma, what	1072574  Used online by lazy people who don't want to type out what they want to say, this means \"If you don't mind me asking.\"
	thereforce, therefore	5654834  A term first used by GM TWL originally a typo for therefore but has now become a meme, it represents the generation of kids that will become gamers. They contain so much force in their path that there can only be one generation.
	bumholed, bumhole	8669737  Bumholed is a verb, specifically the past tense of the verb bumhole.
	mostliest, most	2757884  more than most. shows more meaning than the word most
	arthur, a	12592132  A shorter version of a lookalike Shaggy. You will find him in the dog treats aisle.
	fantabulous, fabulous	1534663  Sort of like \"fabulous\" but much more fabulous than the word \"fabulous\" can convey. Like supercalifragilisticexpialidocius but shorter and easier to spell.
	ko, well	1375207  OK backwards. Originally from Short Circuit 2 (1988), K.O. Derf is OK Fred backwards. Became more common with the rise of chatrooms and IM with people who can't or don't waste time trying to type well.
	lmaw, lmao	"1927211  The word lmaw was first typed in the popular pc game counter-strike. The word lmaw was meant to mean Light Multi-purpose Assault Weapon, but was misinterpreted to be a typo of lmao. People started to say lmaw while they didn't know what it actually meant, thus is became the ultmate lmao substitute.
3862266                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  1. A Typo of lmao 2. the sound a bird makes"
	honk, the	5777666  A shorter version of the word Honky, Honkey and or Honkie (Created by Sling n Milli)
	arund, around	6709944  A typo of \"around\"
	awfuk, the	5469204  A word to describe bad sex, often a typo for the word 'awful'
	typotard, them	4869465  Someone who repeatedly makes typos, such as in an instant messenger or chat room, and then corrects themselves. Particularly when the correction they give is wrong and for a simple word. Not to be used on someone who \"rites liek dis\" (Txt tlk) because that is not a typo for them, they were intentionally being retarded.
	mochael, michael	5122404  A word started in Alaska, by a tall, young girl. Started out as a typo for \"Michael\". now used as a nickname for only the most awesome people.
	wuck, the	675086  A typo of the original word 'fuck' however is currently being used by some pathetic soul in some other persons basement. Basically used for humor porpuses, it may keep some of us amused for about 5 minutes before we get bored and move onto something else... like fruit salad. Other than that, you really shouldn't give a wuck.
	snakle, my	918813  So many people have asked what a Snakle is... Here's another chance to explain. It was the year 2001(roughly, can't remember exactly). Anyway, I was playing rogue spear with some friends that I'd made online. We used to play rogue spear a lot, cuz he was the only one on.... ANYWAY... one day he made a typo of my name, Snake... to Snakle. I changed my name to snakle... and he got mad cuz i was kinda making fun of his typo... but yeah. I kept Snake while playing rogue spear. In americas army... I was sure that there had been million's of Snake's due to metal gear solid and such.... SOOO, I thought... and BAM it came to me. I had to be Snakle! To this day I've kept the name Snakle thanks to Bullet(he was the one who made a typo of my name).
	chinaboo, chinese	6586136  The Chinese version of a weeaboo, or a wapanese. These people are very annoying and they obsess over anyone who lives in China, or has Chinese blood in them. If you speak any Chinese language like Cantonese or Mandarin Chinese, watch out--they're going to get you for your language ability. They try to type out Chinese Pinyin, but fail hard. ( Most of them don't know what Pinyin is. ) They are NOT people who have a major in a Chinese Dialect and can ACTUALLY write pinyin properly. Chinaboos usually like to write their name in Chinese Characters when they do schoolwork, and fail very hard at the strokes and the order of the strokes. They also buy things with Chinese Characters that they don't know the meaning to. Chinaboos take Chinese, Hong Kong, and Taiwanese drama to an obsessive level by trying to pick out phrases from it. These people are NOT the same people who simply enjoy to watch these dramas. Most of them are also k-pop lovers. Chinaboos are usually not Chinese themselves, but they claim they have some Chinese in them. If you speak Chinese and one of them adds you on Facebook, be careful. You're in for a big roll of a 'lao shi'.
	hvae, the	2040135  a typo of the word have. What the official spelling, should be changed to.
	handjog, the	5978795  adjectivea) a typo of the word \"handjob\" b) A handjob that is the equivalent of sexy jogging to a girl... its pace isnt too fast and not too slow, but still easier when going down
	fuxed, fixed	90914  A verb meaning \"To make unstable or crash-prone\". Often used in place of the verb \"fixed\".
	zincle, the	7938811  The \"English\" way of pronouncing the name \"Zinhle\". This is a South African name meaning \"beautiful\".
	s'nup, s	4120838  the process of shortening \"listen up!\" into the shorter version of s'nup. usually yelled to get a large group of childrens attention
	mostest, more	12794149  Mostest; meaning more than the word more.
	fonxuded, the	3691437  To be fonxuded is to be in a state of über-confusion. One can either fonxude others or oneself, that is the beauty and uniqueness of a fonxuded nature. Etymology: a typo of the word \"confused\" after eating too much lemon curd. Being fonxuded is a state of mind, a state of being, a very happy, rewarding, non-judgemental place to be. It has led to great adventures, and wonderful and cherished companionship. This state of being, has spawned the virtual place of Fonxudia. One shouldn't be absent from Fonxudia for too long, especially now it has branched out into many franchises within the virtual world.
	lole, the	"1734217                                                                                                                  this is the INCORRECT way of pronouncing the popular and overused \"word\": lol. the real way is lawl, because lole just sounds weird.
1763079                                                                                                                  this is the INCORRECT way of pronouncing the popular and overused \"word\": lol. the real way is lawl, because lole just sounds weird.
2098165  The CORRECT way of pronouncing the popular internet catchphrase \"lol\". The popular incorrect way of pronouncing the term is \"lawl\" because \"lolerskates\" sounds a lot more awesome than \"lawlerskates\" and saying \"lawl\" just makes you look stupid."
	biblical, know	467455  1. Pertaining to the Bible, the sacred text of Christianity. 2. (slang) Characterizing harsh, serious treatment. 3. (slang) Sexual. Used in the phrase, \"in the Biblical sense\", esp. applied to the use of the verb \"know\".
	cragy, crazy	9259805  A typo of crazy.
	wymi, wym	11929124  \"why am i\" but using less letters. it's just easier. it is pronounced why-my. not to be confused as a typo for \"wym\".
	nayce, nice	2623379  adj. 1. An alternative spelling of nice (generally used in gaming due to easier keystrokes than the word nice). 2. Often used sarcastically to mean bad or teh suck.
	sry, just	10022283  1. An abbreviation caused by internet slang that means \"sorry\".2. Internet slang used by idiots who are either too lazy to type out just 5 letters or jerks who don't even have the decency to send the individual on the receiving line an actual word.
	shotti, the	2000903  a shorter version of the word shotgun or shot-gun. used to get it out quicker. it still has teh same meaning and same prize.
	puppy, pussy	2629344  A puppy is a person, usually a man, who is weak and frail and would probably get his ass kicked on any street block in the world. What started as an attempt to bust someones balls, my boy PH, was texting in T9 word to his boy and was trying to type \"pussy\". Of course \"puppy\" came up instead and the word was born.
	fagget, faggot	2470859  A person that does not know how to spell \"faggot\". Often used as the French way of pronouncing \"faggot\".
	schwob, cunt	3881060  A dirty, crusty, and bloody vagina. More offensive than the word cunt! Credit to Joe for the letter 'B' at the end.
	thumbtext, words	806542  Form of shorthand used when sending text messages on cell phones. Thumbtext is critical in order to efficiently communicate with someone when trying to type words on a keypad that uses 8 keys to sum up the entire alphabet. When you're driving on the freeway, there just isn't time to type out all the letters of every word. Thumbtext is the solution. An even more time-efficient way to communicate is to use that keypad's numeric characters to enter a person's phone number then hit the TALK/SEND key.
	w00r, w00t	165578  A typo for w00t
	deture, mature	4345832  The opposite of the verb \"mature\", as to growth young again.
	ken, a	3779726  A Japanese name meaning \" Health. \" Kens are usually healthy but weird people. Kens are people with kind hearts but still weird. Ken is also a shorter version of a longer Japanese name.
	richmonde, richmond	12684508  Sometimes a typo for Richmond. Used as a name.
	mazin, the	1923058  This is just a shorter version of the word Amazing.
	boolage, bool	12160477  The noun form of the verb \"bool\" or \"to bool.\" The noun describing a situation that involves multiple friends chilling with each other. More often than not involves the consumption of marijuana, but boolage can occur without marijuana.
	biggie, notorious	1030083  Wendy's answer to \"Supersize\" or a shorter version of Notorious BIG.
	trxting, the	10503500  1. Texting while twerking 2. Texting while under the influence of twerking 3. A typo when trying to type the word \"texting\" (rarely used)
	sery, the	12117893  When a human bean is to lazy to type out the full word 'sorry' then uses the excuse 'it was a typo'
	cquloop, woot	550054  better than the word WOOT! by far, it kicks ass esp. adam's (sir woot boy of the square table) has no real definition
	whajimoji, what	961997  what? as in what the fuck did you say? This word was created in 1999 in a highschool AP Chemistry class. Due to the inability to talk in the small classroom, students typed conversations on their TI-83 calculators and passed them to other students. Whajimoji was created when I was trying to type what, and someone kicked my arm and made me screw up. It was humorous that whajimoji was created and is still used today... Meaning what?
	skonker, skonker	3086121  The term \"Skonker\" is not widely used. A small group of friends who currently reside in Oakville, Ontario, use the term Skonker in replacement of \"Skank\" or \"Slut\". Sometimes a shorter version of Skonker is used, which is \"Skonk\". Furthermore, Skonker is a term used to describe a certain type of girl. Skonker describes sexual promiscuity and can also be used to represent a girl of a lower socio-economic class or one who doesn't present herself in a well manner.
	muffi, muffin	2974069  A much more suitable plural form of the word \"muffin.\" Why is it more suitable? It looks much cooler than the word \"muffin,\" plus it is damn fun to say!
	tiote, title	1946673  Sometimes a typo for title, most commonly used as a request for favors from Administrators of chat forums.
	covfefe, coverage	11630944  A \"covfefe\" is what happens when you are taking a violent dump while trying to type \"coverage\", then briefly convulse before dropping your phone in the toilet.
	asherlly, the	5048037  a typo of the words: as hell rly.
	yosi, yoselin	5597276  A shorter version of Yoselin. Cute, sweet nickname. Spanish words for \"I, Yes\".
	bakayaro, suru	2182199  \"Yaroo\" on the end of bakayaro makes the \"baka\" part a bit more vulgar. It is like calling someone a moron, idiot, ***hole, if you get the drift. If I am not mistaken, the \"yaroo\" is from the verb yaru which is a very familiar form of the verb suru (which means \"to do\" in Japanese). The familiar form, and the conugational tense implies that the person referenced is willfully being a jackass and making a spectacle of himself. The vulgarity is highlighted by verbally calling attention to the person for his actions, and potentially bringing him a loss of face due to your implication. It is a common way to put someone down or 'dis' them for their actions. You might also like to know that the \"ba\" comes from \"horse\" in the Chinese characters, and \"ka\" comes from \"deer\", although the common written form today is to use the simplified hiragana writing system, rather than the Kanji form. However, because of the meaning of the two characters, the statement also indicates that the person is like the misbegotten offspring of a domestic and a wild animal, which makes him utterly useless and ignorant.
	k, the	"5619434  The most annoying and infuriating way of saying \"okay\" or \"alright\". Usually accompanied by a period (k.) and often the only thing said for one person's part of a conversation. Often used by people in text conversations who are too damn lazy to type out the entire word. It's very indirect and nondescript, you can't tell how someone feels about something if they just say \"k.\"Don't do it. It's annoying.
6694387                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Its a shorter version of the word \"okay\" that is used to piss the fuck out of a guy or girl when they have disapointed you or upset you."
	iiit, alrite	5043770  shorter version of alrite, ight, aite, and all right alot easier to type in on a txt when using a qwerty phone
	dman, damn	1425745  dman is a typo of damn, and stands for extrmely annoying and retarded person....brak for instance.
	omqee, oh	4163472  shorter version of oh my qod but lonqer version of omq.
	handbags, hahaha	5405542  Derives from trying to type \"Hahaha\" with Swype on a touchscreen smart phone. The term is flexible and can be appended with other additions, such as \"holy handbags\" or \"Oh my handbags.\"
	won, wong	229435  Shorter version of wong, which is a short version of wonga, ie money.
	biff, the	4896479  An easier way of pronouncing the acronym B.F. (Best Friends) or B.F.F. (Best Friends Forever)
	love, to	7357563  causative form of the verb to live, to create a new being or sustain the life of
	ambragon, amber	3952130  Shorter version of Amber Dragon, Ambragons are a rare species but they are still the most sweetest dragons known but can also turn fiery if you upset them! They are truely rawr <3.
	non-reflective, nigger	4967595  \"Non-reflective\" is a polite and accurate term that is used to describe a Negro. It effectively replaces words such as: nigger, coon, spook, etc.Though not politically correct in absolute terms, \"non-reflective\" is, at the very least, not a rude or denigrating term. The various Negro peoples can rejoice in the fact that there is an accurate label for them other than the word \"nigger.\"
	deff, definitely	4805717  A shorter version of definitely .
	bwo, bro	7948422  A particularly special way of pronouncing bro.
	headfruck, fruck	4629864  The extreme form of the verb fruck. A headfruck is to meet the love of your life only to find out that your closest, bestest friend does not approve. A truly painful experience that may well lead to either losing your best friend or giving up the love of your life. Such a result is known as a complete headfruck.
	ove, over	12132353  A shorter version of \"over\".
	alxya, a	6484514  1) A cute and funny girl 2) Someone who likes boring people who talk like they're 40 3) A dumb name enthusiast4) Someone who has a typo for a name 5) Any beautiful mixed girl 6) A scrabble hater
	dibart, form	2233114  Verb: To attempt to establish a relationship with someone of the opposite sex with the hopes of some romanticism and or sexual contact, but ending in utter failure resulting in a relationship that is purely platonic and non-sexual. Dibart is never a conscious or intentional act but merely an accumulation of actions of the individual and the lack of interest exhibited by the person being pursued. More often then not the pursued will come up with excuses or reasons to not hook up, such as it will ruin our friendship or no I promised myself i wouldn't get drunk and randomly hook up with people. Noun: A person who is constantly falling into the area known as the \"friend Zone\", which is a synonymous end result of the verb form of Dibart. Dibarts are great for chatting about other guys that girls are interested in and giving advice on in all other aspects of life except that of the sexual nature because Dibarts are so inexperienced in that area.
	awesong, the	4028608  A typo of the word Awesome, that generally means awesomer than awesome.
	jake, one	11683362  \"Jake\" is a shorter version of One who's being a Massive Massive Massive Bell End.
	an, and	815113  shorter version of and.
	cool, awesome	5594871  The word \"cool\" is a word of far superior quality than the word \"awesome.\" The word \"awesome\" is connotated most frequently with bum pirates, drug-riddled shoplifters, or other people of generally poor caliber, whereas the word \"cool\" connotates a standard of being far exceeding all other words. \"Cool\" has been used throughout time and space and will continue to be the supreme king of all that is admirable, great, or majestic. \"Awesome\" forever will be a subset of the word \"cool\", but \"cool\" is without a doubt the indisputed champion, godfather, and ultimate, complete, freakishly perfect winner of all other words... especially \"awesome.\"
	shahinian, defined	5419478  (n.) a bigger noob than the word defined \"Serkis\". Anyone referred to as a Shahinian is reflecting the uttermost disgust and lack of skill existent in the universe. Stephen Hawkings identified Shahinians as a parralell galaxy in which being a huge fatter noob than any other galaxy; this port to another dimension is accessed upon becoming the biggest noob with lacking skills in any activity they divulge their efforts into. Shahinians are located primarily in Toronto, Ontario; colors of Shahianians are Orange/red/with pubic colors of Orange or dark black. (V.) These creatures will suck the time and life out of your day and will always carry ample supplies of granola bars in their cupboards.
	squidge, squidge	12813835  Verb 1- The act of squeezing through a tight gap or otherwise impenetrable space Verb 2- The act of forcibly inserting oneself into a conversation unrelated to oneself Noun 3 - A person of slight proportion who utilises both forms of the verb squidge in their day to day existence
	migr, is	11537765  the result of a seven year old trying to type is chat \"Nigger\" but doesn't know how to type
	dripble, words	4800598  a way of pronouncing words or a type of person when one is dribbling, trying to talk through dribble,
	plug, the	117471  A shorter version of the word double dong butt plug. It still maintains the same meaning.
	awmg, the	1739888  1. (N) A way of pronouncing the chatspeak term \"omg\" outloud, without spelling it phonetically. (As in, \"Oh-Em-Gee!!\") Used in casual conversation, especially if the circumstances aren't really surprising. Since the term and chatspeak omg denote real, true surprise, \"Awmg\" usually denotes a lack of real surprise or sarcasm. Originally used in the flash animation from newgrounds called \"Lnkn Prk Kem 2 mah Hse 1 dai\"
	gtfoomf, the	3835953  A shorter version of the term \"Get the fuck out of my face.\" Pronounced \"Get foom-fh\"
	jaint, fuck	3079804  A word that encompasses everything. In it's origin, jaint was used to define a noun, specifically a place (ie - Yo what be crackin up in this jaint?), but has widened it's scope to now include any word in the dictionary. It has become broader than the word fuck, in that not only is it acceptable to use it to replace random words in a sentence, but now it is acceptable to use jaint to replace ALL the words in a sentence.
	pwnt, own	629981  Originnally a typo of own, pwn also can be looked at as \"Pawned.\" pwnt is just the past tense of pwn.
	ness, the	3044734  A shorter version of the words: awesomeness, amazingness, and coolness.
	fthl, ftl	2629291  a greater emphasis of ftl (for the loss). stands for \"for the HUGE loss.\" used when something is extra unfortunate. coined by me when mike made a typo of ftl.
	jahobadoba, jamoca	3093905  Originating from the mayans, A Jahobadoba is someone who wears green during some electronical class, but not generally, some who has a farm and lives by a lake. exp. (some kind lake related with archery) it usually only works once, but if you type gay family on google (if it shows your house you are a jahobadoba) this word is a shorter version of jamoca pocahontis which means the same as jahobadoba.
	rammenstein, the	1701561  Usually a typo for the german band Rammstein or the US-airbase Ramstein in Germany. Often people who doesn't know much about either the band or airbase. Doesn't occur often in writting.
	comprendez, comprender	1130285  What? French word? My balls! This expression is taken from Spanish, is the third person singular present tense of the verb \"comprender\". It's used mostly in questions, meaning \"do you understand?\", \"get it?\"
	voot, vootar	2873326  diminutive of the verb vootar - to depart, to split, to leave; as a silent or clandestine way of communicating the desire to leave/\"split\"/depart a place signified by extending the second and third fingers of one hand and curling the first and fourth finger under the thumb with one's palm facing inward, so as to spell out \"V O O T\" with the fingers - if you look, first at the 2 extended fingers (V) the two curled under fingers from the side (O & O) and the index finger touching the thumb (T)
	snozed, to	4360291  SnozedThe past tense of the verb to sneeze.Pronounced {snow-zed}
