	loli-cup, loli	1737857  1. (noun) Another word for loli which is someone who enjoys under age Hentai. 2. (propper noun) A chain of Boba restaurants...
	cole, love	7029849  Cole is the boy you never deserved and have no right to. He comes on quiet, sweet, and slow, like summer rain. He's all subtle smiles and covert glances, every flash of those caramel brown eyes kills, and the first kiss is like sweet fire. Cole has his troubles, he's misunderstood, and judged too harshly, which at times makes it appear as if he is overly judgmental of others when, in fact, you will not find a more patient listener. He is smooth-skinned and tan, always paying special attention to his appearance, especially his hair. Sometimes he comes off as superficial, but this is all a ruse. He's confusing and its easy to miss some of the signs, but when he looks at you, you'll know how he feels. His eyes express all the things he leaves unsaid. He's afraid of the word love, but if you give him the time, he'll whisper it to you. If you come across a Cole, get your shit together. He is nearly infinitely patient, and will wait for prolonged periods of time for someone he thinks is worthwhile, but if you push him away, tell him you can't care, that you don't feel the same, eventually, he'll leave. He has to, and you deserve it. The pain that ensues from being left by a Cole is nearly unbearable, and you are left to writhe in agony as you realize that it was all your fault, that he cared, that he could have loved, and you had the audacity to think he'd be there forever. If you're lucky, maybe one day he'll come back, and you know you'll never, ever let him go. Cole is perfect.
	ghers, awesome	2793521  Dutch way of saying awesome. Any positive adjective can be replaced by ghers and if the object of discussion sucks you may very well say it's aghers.
	eff, friends	3997448  An abbreviation of the word 'FRIENDS' or 'FRIENDS FOREVER' from 'Best Friends Forever' or 'Bff.' Typically used between two Bff's who have created nicknames for each other from 'BFF,' one friend is Bee and the other is Eff Eff (or just Eff for short.)Spellings of this word Eff can range from, 'Eff to Effffffff' depending on how many f's you prefer. Further nicknames include, Effaroo, Effness, Effy, Eff Eff Effness and EffLochness.
	pudding, lesbian	1416031  Another way of saying lesbian sex
	penny, penetrate	2841195  Shortened version of the word penetrate. It is used when referring to entering or opening something. Can be used in a sexual nature.
	ironical, ironic	408526  Hick and retarded usage of the word \"ironic.\" Illiterate and unintelligent people use \"ironical\" because they are so ignorant that they dont see that ironic is a tense of irony. Isn't it ironic that some major english professors use \"ironical\" in speeches?
	vajitas, fajitas	5348521  The perverted way to say \"fajitas\". First used by Peter Griffin on Family Guy at a fast food drive-thru.
	neece, nice	6174670  Neece is another word for nice. This word was created by James Plawa and carried on by the goon squad in Souderton, PA.
	yass, yes	"4419492                                                             Scottish way of saying Yes ( in celebration)another word that is similar is Yaldi
 8200853                                                                                                                        Another way to say yes
10591993  \"yass\" is the most annoying way of saying yes. it doesn't stand for anything, but if you ever see somebody saying yass, just tell them this:
11456914                                                              The best way to say yes without sounding boring yet still sound freaking amazing"
	wax, crack-cocaine	1687821  wax is another word for crack-cocaine.It is used in 2 ways. 1)Hey man got some wax. 2)or when some one goes to buy crack and the dealer rips the person off and gives them real wax instead.
	tatekulu, it	11901543  Tatekulu is an African word belonging to the owambo meaning big man or adult. This is the formal way of saying it, informal would simply be Tate.
	fanc, fancy	3394341  Fanc is a shortened version of the word fancy. It is pronounced with a soft c at the end, contradicting the silly rules of English grammar. Saying fanc is akin to saying pant instead of pants.
	roody-poo, a	222217  a nicer, funnier way to say a piece of shit
	tbwnd, owned	5143812  A word used in place of \"owned\" (pronounced \"tebowned\").The word means to be defeated, outperformed or outclassed, unmercifully, as though done to you by Tim Tebow.A computer shorthand spelling. The less brutal version of the word, pwnd, originated from a misspelling of the word owned - intended to be typed ownd, it was typed pwnd. Because P is next to O on the keyboard. This became a popular way to say owned online, until the days of Tim Tebow.
	swatka, vodka	1071570  Another way to say vodka.
	scrappy, sketchy	2673856  another word for sketchy, creepy, weird.
	d-head, dickhead	2441948  A simple way of saying dickhead
	maurytard, retard	5456910  A corruption of the word Retard and the name of a television show host Maury Povich.A person whom has appeared on the Maury Povich Show to recieve paternity test results for themselves.This term can be used as an insult to describe someone who is loud, irresponsible, sexually indescriminate slutmanwhore stupid or uneducated.
	yeserd, yes	1938828  A random and slightly goofy way to say Yes,. with the addition of erd on the end. Making it Yeserd. Prenunciation--(yeh-zerd)
	churclate, chocolate	5703900  Another way of saying chocolate.
	rull, real	"2265286                                                  Used in place of the word \"real\" when it is mistaken for the word \"really\". Most commonly used to mock those who ignorantly use \"real\" when \"really\" is correct.
2269818  Used in place of the word \"real\" when it is mistaken for the word \"really\". Most commonly used to mock those who ignorantly use \"real\" when \"really\" is correct. Usually stressed for distinction and intensity."
	blut, shart	6438313  Another word for Shart.. farts that leave skids..
	mly, perfection	2090614  Another word for perfection
	set, set	2382988  To leave - get up and go Apparently not the most common use for the word 'set', perhaps northern.
	dudish, dude	903296  Word commonly used by those not knowing the meaning of the word dude.
	zig, thing	1443025  A replacement for the word 'thing'. First used in cult video game 'Zero Wing' and video 'All Your Base Are Belong To Us
	hoerr, whore	5150746  A more proper way to say \"whore\" in situations that require a classy yet offensive name to be used.pronounced whoo errr
	gungbung, gangbang	2664719  when several people participate in having sex at the same time at a point in the past. A substitute for the past tense of the word \"gangbang\", much like the word bung.
	poppy, population	4817733  Shortening of the word population. Also used as an alternative for peeps or people in general.
	gunghail, what	5287613  An Asians way of saying what the fuck. Used as What the Gunghail!!
	g-cool, cool	4860219  When somthing cool happens in a video game, it therefore canot be classed as cool for gaming is still regarded as a nerdy activity. Thereofore to aviod distilation of the word cool G-Cool means a cool thing that happened in a Video Game.
	expediebriation, are	5732376  Having become inebriated so fast that you can barely remember when you started.The roots of the word are \"expediate\" and, of course, \"inebriation\".
	defs, definetly	1969823  A short form for the word definetly.
	redunckulous, rediculous	2542428  the only cool was to say the word rediculous
	procrastifail, it	6113091  n. Occurs when someone procrastinates so much, there is no other word for it. even a failure at life ranks above a procrastifailure.
	lettley, dork	1309975  Is another word for dork who cant dance
	balanced, thick	12199204  A politically correct way of saying thick
	poinkers, a	12881541  Another word for a males testicles
	nttn, nothing	3592286  A shortened version of the word \"nothing.\" Usually used in texting or instant messaging conversations.
	nigga, hello	3129704  a way of saying hello to a black man.
	pusswarn, some	6210772  Taking the word 'pussy' and 'gwarn' (go on) then adding them together to make pusswarn a way to say some one is being a pussy the way the go about their everyday lifeEg: 1 'Did you see warren at that party? he just sat with his ex the whole night' 'Warrens a pusswarn'Eg:2 'Yo I spoke to brad he said he aint coming out tonight he is feeling shit from work' 'Brad needs to stop being a pusswarn and just come out!'
	nugatarian, nug	4852314  Pronounced (NOOGA-TEHRY-EN). A Nugatarian is another word for a nug of marijuana. It is specifically used for \"Cannabis Sativa\", for the simple fact that Sativa's make you hyper and giggly. Nugatarian is used as a funny way to say nug. It is made to sound more catchy and interesting. This is because it sounds like the best munchy-snack ever made.
	nipple, nipple	1040520  A common misconception amongst the use of the word nipple - in this context it is the rubber bung required to draw liquid from a platypus.
	yesternacht, yesterday	1540600  A cooler way to say yesterday night in conversation.
	brainer, is	6216697  A word used by senior stagiaires who are trying to look cool. While the validity of the word is contested, it is accepted that the word is not used by anyone anymore, or at least anyone who you would consider to be cool.
	taters, goodbye	1866775  another way of saying goodbye, i.e. laters - becomes taters
	naythin, nothing	2773610  another word for nothing
	cracksota, minnasota	4457796  nother word for minnasota state. minnasota haveing alota hustle for money.crack
	fretada, retarded	4758882  Discribing someone who is mentally challenged. Another word for retarded.
	jorka, joker	3340562  a northern way of saying \"joker\" especially people from HUDDERSFIELD. lol
	fdor, force	976483  A variation of the word \"Force\" usually typed in great haste. Most commonly seen in Star Wars related FPS.
	shizbot, an	1560315  A really cool way to say an exclamation
	rachacha, rochester	5954107  A different way to say \"Rochester\", NY.
	cookies, pussy	2775375  It is another word for pussy.
	obie-kabies, okay	1569917  An overly cute way of saying okay developed in a BtVS RPG's non-character chat list. Interestingly, it was started by an anime fangirl.
	tar, tar	12885375  British slang usually used as a quicker way to say Thank You. The use of the word \"Tar\" relating to the phrase \"Thank You\" is believed to originate from the 18th Century.
	revol, peace	6750323  revol is another word for peace loving and also being a non-stereotype. being a revol is being a lover not a fighter but will fight for the things they love. revol itself when spelled backwards means lover. revol is when one self doesn't support anything bad in the world and will go against it openly when needed.
	killedest, you	12695318  Killedest is just another a way of saying you did it better than the team that one, dont use this word it just make you seem salty.
	potty, party	422308  the ghetto way to say party
	telestolgia, in	2289666  tele- like television, it refers to what is far away. stolgia - taken from nostalgia, indicating the yearning for something missed. Derived from the lack of the word in English for its German equivalent, \"Fernweh\", or \"Fern\", distant, also used in the German word for \"Fernseher\" (television or distance-viewer), and \"Weh\" which means pain in English. So together it's \"telestolgia\" which signifies a yearning for that which is far away or distant from you. It could be a mere feeling of missing something far away which is not your home and that you love just as much as your home, or rather a yearning and feeling of missing things that are far from you, like the desire to get away and to travel.
	merixcil, mong	2855155  A seemingly tall but optimistic, horrors-obsessed music freak/guitarist/vocalist/would-be neonraver who spends their time writing songs about their friends, listening to indie bands, backcombing their hair (therefore needing to purchase a great deal of Shockwaves hairspray) and not giving anything about the damage it causes, rave-going and gig-going. Has an obsession with cheese and ketchup sandwiches, the tv programmes Heroes and The Mighty Boosh and generally gets on with life instead of being hindered by the stress it brings along. Often imitates oneself as Sylar (the ingenious character of Heroes who claims to be able to 'fix' people), and would like to possess a pair of winkle pickers. Repeatedly informs people about the true definition of the word mong. Doesn't believe in iPods.
	fadangle, fuck	4842746  A non way of saying FUCK in weird audiences.
	gangsta, gangster	"1120559  The wrong spelling of the word gangster, a gangsta thinks hes a \"gangsta\" because he spray paints walls, smokes marijuana, has a gun, and coz he shoots people of rival gangs for no reason other than they are in a different gang and they think they are gangstas just because they grew up poor. And they are still poor even though they are big \"gangstas\" and have bling bling. They are ussually racist against whites and think they are the only gangstas even though the italian and russian mafia are wat more powerful than them. And they call them selfves \"gangstas\" i dunno why, i guess they think it sounds cool, even though it really is spelled gangster.
3693608                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            A perversion of the word gangster mainly used for latino/black gangs.
9552101                                                              A Gangsta is a \"cool\" spelling of the word Gangster and have no difference in meaning. Unless you count the other Urban Dictionary entries which claim a Gangsta isn't a gangster and say they can't do anything by themselves which is largely false. They are constantly doing crimes on their own. Those that call the Gangstas fake are white. Obviously, and have never done much study on the inner city street gangs. Which are indeed gangs, despite what you white supremacist spics have to say. They also call them pussies? How are you a pussy if you're committing murder? Yeah. No. Stop it, whites."
	beets, cool	4915841  Another word for \"Cool\" or \"Good\"
	ofwgkta, swag	5954386  Their full name is Odd Future Wolf Gang Kill Them All Dont Give A Fuck, an alternative hiphop collective from Los Angeles California since 2007Their very popularized song \"Radical\" consist of the common phrase \"kill people burn shit fuck school\", and also has Tyler the Creator explain in the beginning of the song that their music is mostly fiction and comedic.Their image consist of green \"goblin\" ski-mask, blacked-out eyes, the upside down cross, skateboarding, the excessive use of the word Swag, and sometimes sporting \"tacky\" gold chainsThe group first gained mainstream light when Kanye West posted the video \"Yonkers\" on his twitter, giving Tyler the Creator attention from Mtv press, magazines, and blogsThe members consist of;Tyler the Creator Hodgy Beats Left Brain Syd the Kyd Earl sweatshirt Mike G Frank Ocean Domo Genesis Taco Matt Martains Jasper DolphinThe group is mostly known for their demonic and cynical lyrics, often rapping about rape, drugs, and worshipping the devil. But, all of the members are agnostic/atheist, excluding Frank Ocean who is Christian. They dont believe in god or the devil, they just like to mock religion, celebirties, social norms, and public figures (ex; Slim Shady by Eminem).And sadly, a high percentage of their fanbase are flaming hipsters or bored teenagers, but at least they're good at rapping in general....
	barbie, a	5626743  Another word for a dildo or vibrator. Used when adults are talking and little kids are around. Also in public places
	lib, liberal	887412  Lazy way of saying 'liberal'.
	tenty, ten	3348500  an easy way of saying ten to twenty minutes
	querb, queer-bait	3405431  a synonym for the word queer bait, for those who don't like to say the word \"Queer-Bait\" out loud.
	shucky, sooky	2404963  It's an adjective. It means something badass, something you shouldn't have done, describes tough situations. Its another word for sooky. It's also used to replace foul language.
	waston, stuck	1963096  Watson is a last name of a fictional charicter in Shurlock Holmes novels and was the trusty side kick. professor Watson was considered to be a trustworthy man or confidaunt to Holmes and in the use of slang terms in its time was considered to be a complement and at the same time as an insult because it implys that the person is of less intelegence.The word Watson was a term used by police to describe people of less experience that attempted to assist the police without any formal training in the law enforcement field.Most often the term was used by frustrated east coast police officers and detectives.It later was used to describe rouge ombudsmen or spys and later became a word to describe someone who explores new territory. Later it was used to decribe the action of the journey rather than the person and was misspelled waston.The misspelling of the word stuck and was later used to describe homeless people and drug addicts and people poorly dressed and was pronounced Waste on.This later evolved into the discription of an action as well as the the discription of out dated clothing in disrepair.This further evolved to describe poorly dressed oriental woman and later evolved again to describe oriental prostitutes and strippers \"Waston Wastoff\"But is now more widely used to describe all under weight woman expecially those that are combatant and militant.
	loveded, the	4964707  another way to say the word 'loved'the word loveded is most commonly known for being said by the popular Invader Zim character, GIR.
	nafaksté, no	12632352  1. A respectful way to say no fucks today.2. You can use it as a greeting, fist bump or make a unique handshake and say Nafaksté. As in \"All good vibes. Nothing else matters\".
	zwitter, hermaphrodite	3165954  a much uber cooler way to say hermaphrodite it is also a rammstien song
	reidan, reidan	5593465  In western culture, it is a name that is a mix of the names Aden, and Reid, although the majority of people with the name Reidan are Asian all are males.a Reidan is generally creative, slightly attractive and funnyIn other uses of the word Reidan it is a verb where the person does an act of irrationality or uselessness for the intent of self entertainment
	hookerbop, whore	4217885  Another word for whore. A nasty female. A slut. A girl who will have sex with any guy. A female who will do something that she knows is degrading.
	gobbidge, garbage	4268857  A semi-phonetic* spelling based on a non-rhotic, typically African-American pronunciation of the word \"garbage\".* It is semi-phonetic because although it is not actually phonetic, it is based on the conventions of English, in which the idge- is pronounced with a j sound, and the o in gob in the same as in augment.
	hospi, hospital	1123602  Short version of the word hospital.
	fribit, bitch	3758926  a funny and safe way of say the word bitch
	rory, fuck	5566927  1. n. the Silver Pail of Peace- An award given for the most gratuitious use of the word 'fuck' in a serious screenplay. (Hitchiker's Guide to the Galaxy)2. n. the Silver Pail of Peace- An award given for the most gratuitious use of the word 'Belgium' in a serious screenplay. (Hitchiker's Guide to the Galaxy, American version)
	berz, bears	2583509  Another spelling of the word bears, the animals.
	whatchuthank?!, duh	4078693  another word for \"duh\" or \"thought chu knew!\". Basically a word made up by some leadership students at Capuchino High School. Became really known around campus through posters and also became part of a cheer for Varsity Volleyball players.
	brahms, include	6571858  Brahms is a replacement for certain words that have lost their meaning. Brahms replaces words such as Bro, Dude or Man. It is used because these words are no longer able to represent the closeness between any two individuals.The word stems from the German composer Johannes Brahms, it is used as a replacement word because Brahms on some smart phones was the auto-correct of Bro.Variations of the word include Broham and Brohemians.
	fuckled, fucked	2843129  A weird way to say fucked up.
	guy, thank	8890867  Another word for homie or bro. Often used either as a compliment or a way of describing someone as a close friend, or a way of saying thank you
	dingalong, those	10123612  Another noun for dingbat or sometimes even bitch or asshole. It is a nice way of saying those other nouns. You could say it in class and not get into trouble for it.
	dillies, money	7342759  Another word for money which is a current medium of exchange in the form of coins and banknotes; coins and banknotes collectively.
	stook, fuck	12743300  A retarded version of the word \"fuck\".
	omar, hungry	5337288  In many parts of Florida, it is Spanish for the word \"hungry\".
	jokes, i	2603111  Another way of saying I was 'kidding' or 'just kidding'.
	faircut, the	3153091  Another word for the general area of a females' genitals
	arbiscartuary, ironic	4027606  The misuse of the word ironic
	harbloodyrah, hoorah	2996636  It's a sarcastic way of saying Hoorah. By putting 'Bloody' in the middle everyone will know that you are not ecstatic with the current event that is taking, or will be taking place. For best results use a rolling eye action or raised eyebrow expression. Who ever said sarcasm was the lowest form of wit?
	chey, hello	6168201  The coolest word ever that should be used by everyone all of the time. A very awesome way of saying hello or obviously. Can also be substituted for an everyday word. It is especially good in replacing words in famous movie quotes.
	diane, pysco	1759172  A mother who is way over protective. calls to check up around 8. makes sure hes home by 10:30, if home later than that she grounds the child. calls up childs friends parents if child friend does not want to be friends with her chil.This extreme paranoia is due to insufficient amounts of income. another word for pysco bitch.
	hxc, hardcore	"1709319  HXC is just short for the word hardcore. hardcore is a music genre but also is an attitude and a way of life. Most people who like or are into HXC usally didnt fit in very well with the popular crowd or just didnt feel like they belong there so they found a place where they fit in and had a home and could relate with other people, this was HXC. There are many versions of HXC. some people say that to be hardcore you must be straight edge and vegan, while others say that you shouldnt be straight edge. The genre of music has many diffrent views too. people say that true hardcore is bands such as : madball, throwdown,terror,The warriors and others say that hardcore is bands like : As I lay Dying, underoath, avenged sevenfold. People have been arguing about what hardcore TRUELY is but theres so many diffrent perspectives of it who really knows what true hardcore is, hardcore is what ever you want it to be.
2711726                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       hXc is just short for the word hardcore. hardcore is a music genre but also is an attitude and a way of life. Most people who like or are into hXc usually didn't fit in very well with the popular crowd or just didn't feel like they belong there so they found a place where they fit in and had a home and could relate with other people, this was hXc. There are many versions of hXc.
3808430                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Many think this is a reletively new abbreiviation of the word \"hardcore,\" but infact it's an abbreiviation of the word \"hardxcore.\" This is when someone is so \"hardcore\" they are straight edge aswell. The \"X\" in the word symbolises straight edge because it has straight edges."
	jigga, a	904911  Its another word for a male friend.
	plerb, you	3620346  1) A way of saying you messed something up 2) An insult for someone of intelligence like loser or nerd
	pino, a	12325964  A pino is another word for a whore/prostitute. If someone calls you this then they are infering that u sleep with other lads for money
