label	pair	defid	definition
1	baduky, baduke	6214358	The feminine form for the word Baduke. It gets its name from the sound of when a large piece of crap lands in the toilet water. Ba-Duke!
1	keet, parakeet	741818	1.) Noun: Shortened version of the word 'Keety' which is slang for 'Kitty' referring to Felis Catus the common house cat. 2.) Noun: pseudo-stoner speak (similar to the word 'Dude'), used by people from Massachusettes and Canada to gain one's attention over AOL instant messanger. see also Keetz0r. 3.) Noun: Short for the word 'Parakeet' or Budgerigar, referring to a type of bird people keep as pets. 4.) Verb: To steal. Se also. kife gank jew 5.) Noun: A tribal race of mutant spear-hunting anthromorphic jaguars! They live in the southeastern part of Nebraska and feed upon small children and various small fluffy animals.
	andrey, someone	2946470	andre with a Y at the end leaving people to pronounce it \"and-ree\" another word for someone who isn't honest all the time
	pd, principles	927486	short way of saying principles detention,
	f***, fuck	1602849	the way in which children under 10 say the word \"fuck\" also the way faggots or \"special\"(retarded) pepople say fuck. some people will say that moral and decent people say f*** instead of FUCK but these are the people who ate alone at teh loser table in the high school cafeteria, they are also unloved and just basically stupid faggot niggers. they also rode the small bus to school. ohhh...i almost forgot \"f***\" means \"fuck\" in case u forgot
1	f***, fuck	1077917	A gay ass way of saying Fuck. Usually used by fucktards who are too pussy to say any bad word or the actual word fuck and/or believe in their morals.
1	fruck, fuck	4388836	the asian's way of saying fuck.
1	fruck, fuck	22028	A PG-13 substitution for the word \"Fuck\"
1	honkydacious, awesome	3999078	Ridiculously, Impressively, and Prodigiously in the form of a honkey. Honkey also referring to an ignorant person.Honkydacious can be used as a substitute for the word awesome or bodaciousAlso, see honkydaciousness
1	wingbreh, brother	6017254	The close mate you see as a brother, always there for you, another word for 'brother' or 'breh'
	phycasised, psychic	5752680	A verb form of the word \"psychic\". Also known as \"predicted\", but that's just plain old boring.
1	dimpkleles, booty	5898676	Another word for booty/back dimples, or muscle shortage.
1	hmetal, noob	3594634	\"Hmetal\" is offensive word used only on Tribos World2 PT \"Hmetal\" is an alternate way of saying noob, shit and bitch.
1	blurt, blast	2152743	Can be used in place of the word blast or go
	aussie, australian	2546063	Typically a shortened version of the word Australian. An Australian citizen is usually called an Aussie, sadly, this usually refers to the white, anglosaxen australian when talking about the Stereotypical \"aussie\". Stereotypes of an Aussie are. Heavy consumer of Beer, Good at and enjoy Sports, Bunch of singlet, thong wearing yobbos, Beach goers, etc etc. While these are true for certain socio-economic groups in Australia they do not describe the majority of the Australian population, except for the love of a good quality beer, not american beer, (that stuff is awfull, too watery), and being good at sports for the most part, lead lives almost identical to all other western cultures. Also its a known fact that the Australian government is one of the most successful governments of recent times due to the advances made in public services such as free public health care to everyone who is a citizen, very low unemployment rates, low interest rates, fast stable economic growth, well above average GDP per person, infact in the top 15 of the world i believe if not the top 10, and large surpluses every year, also Australia is one of the few countries that is totally debt free, and continues to maintain its surplus. Also a note, while the \"lebonese\", aka \"wogs\", and the New Zealanders aka \"Kiwis\" cannot seem to provide positive definitions of Australian culture, for what ever reasons, such as jealousy or misguided contempt and use of ridiculous stereotypes, the average Australian is the same as any other average anglosaxen you'd find in a modern Western Culture, aka, has job, family, is not an alcoholic and earns a decent living.
1	menno, cool	4898890	True meaning is 'Strong'. The name is originally from Holland (The Netherlands).Another word for 'cool' or 'awesome'. This usually affects a guy named Menno too, because he is very cool (or awesome afcourse).
	cockstrong, originally	4691126	I word originating in the 1980s in NC. Initally a nickname many people called a guy from Jacksonville NC. Use of the word originally was used to describe his feats of strength in the gym. Many people thought it had to do with his sexual aura,so the word has overtime developed a second meaning to refer to a mans vitality.
1	lolofus, lol	1403226	Lolofus is basically the extended version of the word \"lol\" meaning laugh out loud or just pronounced \"lol\" It can be used in exactly the same context as \"lol\"
1	vegiterian, vegetarian	2932319	The common misspelling of the word 'vegetarian' by males who, although they often insist they are dyslexic, are in fact, simply lazy. This misspelling often causes offended 'vegetarians' to stick insulting post-it notes on the offenders back. Common alias' of said male offenders are: Fox, LamFo, Liam, Lam, boy-in-AcapellaRockafella, criminal mastermind of Wonderful Criminals. Uses of the word Vegiterian: 1. Often used as an insult to 'Vegetarians.' 2. Can be used instead of using the actual name of a 'Vegetarian'. 3. Can be used to make jokes about the intelligence and observance of 'Vegetarians'.
1	hvae, have	2040135	a typo of the word have. What the official spelling, should be changed to.
	wigger, wigger	1560718	Kevin Federline: White boy who acts and dresses black....... He is the Poster boy for the word Wigger (wanna be nigger)
	wigger, wigger	1928903	There is 4 baisic definition's of the word \"Wigger\", \"Wangsta\", or \"Wigga\"... The first would be what I would like to call the alibaster ghetto child category: This person despite the fact that he is white was raised around predominantly Black's, or Hispanic's... Whether in his neighborhood, school, or even his own family, because I have known white children to be adopted by Black Family's... Thus this child obviously being a product of his upbringing will be more connected to African American culture than the average Caucausion. He/She may find themselves more comfortable around Black people, may speak like the steriotypical Black, listen to the same music, Wear the same type of cloth's, and later in life be more sexual attracted to Black, or Latina women than his own race. This person is often more accepted by Blacks than Whites, and the majority of there friend's will be Black, becuase they understand, an have been raised in an African American Esque environment, thus they share the same tastes, humor, and experiences as them. They also usually find white custum's weird, an understand African American culture, an appreciate it more than there own. You cannot see one of thease right away. You must first know them. I personally fit into this category. I was born, and raised most of my life in Public Housing, but just recently thru my aunt moved to the suberbs. The next one I would like to categorize asThe Hip Hop Head: Despite the fact this child was never raised in predominantly Black, or Latina areas, he feels a strong connection with them, based on the fact he in his life may have suffered thru poverty, divorce, or drug addiction in the family, thus relates more to Hip Hop Music more than any other art form, giving him a stronger tie to African American's, and there culture than his white friend's, and family. Or... This person may just enjoy African American music... R&B, Soul, Jazz, & Hip Hop... A saying comes to mind... Hip Hop is not music, it is a lifestyle. This is true. If you listen to alot of Hip Hop, an im not talking about that mainstream garbage on the radio, but true Hip Hop from the streets. If you listen to Hip Hop, Hip Hop becomes you. You will wear Hip Hop, Speak Hip Hop, and think Hip Hop... This right here is the holy grail of a wigger, because they have immense cultural understanding and love of both White, an Black culture, despite never truly being part of Black culture... These are the people that if it was the slave day's would oppose, and abolish racism... Treating them bad is unaccaptable, because they are merely people who love all people, and culutures... I have a friend who goes by the Name Baller516, and he embody's, and lives this. The next in line is \"The Confused Child\": This wigger, although embody's a small part of the wigger population, is the steriotypical wigger that everyone say's that all wigger's are... This person was most likely raised in a upper class area, but during the teenage years hered Hip Hop music for the first time. Thease kids usually listen to artist's like D4L, or Dem Franchize Boyz, and other garbage like that. They see Rappers on TV for the first time. They then stand in the mirror, try to emulate them, start trying to understand there humor, and the way they live. Usually when a Black person comes around them, even if the Black person is an upper class \"Preppy\" person, they will try to speak more \"Hood\" to look cool. 90% of the time when they try to speak hood they sound pathetic, and funny, even to other wigger's, and it is obvious why, because people cannot live a lie, and try to be who they are not. Thease are the rapid transition kids... One day they are wearing Abercrombie, the next it's a fitted, and a long tee. Give this poor confused children time. They grow out of there obbsession with \"Living Black\" in at the most a few years, and then they will go back to normal. Alot of times thease kid's will try to prove how hard they are to everyone, thinking that all Black people are gangstas because they dont actually know any black people. They just emulate whats on TV. They try hard, but almost always fail... Like I said, give them time, and they will grow out of it. Thease are easy to spot. They often go all out with the chains, and over baggy cloths just to prove how Black they really are. They usually have horrible English, and pretty much just act like faggots. Contrary to this, the other types of wiggers usually use good English, and have there own personal dress style, they don't copy someone else, cause it is truely who they are... Wiggers like this truely fuck it up for the rest of the good ones that are just culture wise, aware, and accepting... If you embody this last category, please stop...Now. No one will like you, and other wiggers will not like you cause you are the steriotype that makes everyone hate them for no reason. But... There is hope for thease... Thru being exposed to more African American Culture, and learning more about true Hip Hop, and listening to good Black music, not garbage that goes... \"I have a big dick, im gangsta I ride rims hoe.\" Thease wiggers can possibly blossom into Hip Hop Head wiggers, although it is grim, and even under the best circumstances it is rare, nothing is impossible.
1	worlf, world	3095128	Another word for world. Just mistyped by an idoit.
1	babagurl, babygirl	9088763	Babagurl is a lazy way of saying babygirl but more special because it is out of the ordinary. So in other means it just means you're special to your partner.
1	griddled, shit	331260	Another word for shit
	dyango, physicality	6064873	A very attractive person on the inside and out. Although he does not completely believe it. He is a great listener and is good at doing things right the first time. He likes to learn. He is strong in all sense of the word physicality and emotionally. Appreciates all types of beauty so don't be surprise if he see's the beauty in something no one else see's. Has a very Artistic eye so he has a bit of an imagination. He is very curious about things around him so he wants to fully understand everything he comes in contact with. He is very caring towards people around him and always seems to bring a smile to peoples faces. He can not stand when something around him feels wrong he always wants to fix things. He will stand up for what he believes is right. People just swoon to him but that's ok he likes to be around a lot of people. He can be the center of attention hes very good at making people feel comfortable and is good at starting and keeping a flowing conversation. He likes to befriend a lot of people. He is the person people go to for advice because he can be wise and can give you a better perspective on things. But he can be manipulative and a bit of a flirt, sometimes it's a good thing. But all in all he has good intentions if you know him and have a close relationship with him consider yourself lucky. He's the kind of person you might only have around in your life for a season but have the biggest impact in your life, so appreciate him. If he likes you be very humbled.
	nostalging, nostalgia	4869511	The verb for the word \"Nostalgia\", which is the feeling you get when romantically yearning for the past, often in idealized form.Nostalging is most common when stumbling upon a song you haven't heard since your younger days.
1	morono, moron	899677	Another way to say moron.
3	mofosexual, homosexual	4803660	Basically, a variation of the word homosexual or heterosexual used to describe a person that is only sexually attracted to mother fuckers.
1	foofty, dumbass	9615519	A \"foofty\" moment is when someone does something so stupid and dumb.You can call someone a \"foofty\" after witnessing them do something stupid or dumb, another word for dumbass
1	stream, pee	6351806	Music or video from the internet being Streamed to either a Computer, Phone or TV.Stream can also be used as another word for pee.Can also be used to describe something that has gone mainstream.
1	tavernise, epic	7433173	Another word for epic.
	gurnick, gurnicking	5626003	to piss on a bathroom floor and/or wall; verb form of the word \"gurnicking\"
	doos, cunt	652530	A synonym for the word cunt, frequently used by south african kangaroos in pink boots.
1	staq, someone	9116256	A STAQ is another word for someone that is weaboo that believes living in his/her parents basement is a accomplishment
1	voor, for	94682	A 1337 (leet) way of saying for for.
1	bruce, nice	5622193	Bruce is a more savvy and educated way to say the word \"nice\"
	shupup, shut	3826438	a way to say shut up when you are bored. you say it with a flat tone. also, for people who are picky about language, you say shupup and they cant consider it a bad word cause it isnt. another thing is if someone is really bothering you, you say shupup noob, drawing out the noob.
1	whow, wow	12730864	The correct way of spelling Owen Wilson's iconic pronunciation of the word 'wow.'
	twedge, camel	2083438	another word for camel toe.... twat and wedge blended = the twedge...usually found on a large unkept bingo playing woman with facial hair.
	cigarette, cigarette	3182631	There are two different definitions for the word \"cigarette\". Here they are: Smoker: The fag of your life. You can trust it, you can thrust it, you can suck it, you can fuck it. It makes my day. You would go mow the lawn for mommy and daddy just to have money to buy another pack. You would risk getting put in jail by using a fake ID JUST to buy another pack. People tell you it's addicting, you tell them that you COULD quit, you just don't want to. Look at it like this, if you didn't smoke, you would never randomly go outside to get some fresh air and what could be more unhealthy than being inside all day... Non-smoker: \"Smoking a FUCKING smelly-addicting-disgusting cigarette!\" Well, as for the non-smoker, FUCK YOU! If we are no closet smoker in front of you, we obviously don't \"give a hoot about what you think\"-Weezer, yaaa. So, in short, cigarettes are pretty cool and I donts gives a fuck if I die.
1	lappy, laptop	4180088	(noun) a shortened version of the word 'laptop', or 'laptop computer'.
1	adorbs, adorable	4820237	fucking lame way to say adorable.
	jenaveve, love	10714116	A woman who you can either lust, or love. She is easy to lust. All men, and even most women, can't help but turn their heads as she passes by... If you lust her the sound of her voice will stun you, the sight of her beauty will blind you, the taste of her lips will poison you, her fragrant scent will send you into a coma, and the warmth of her touch will cripple you... for she can magnetize all 5 senses.She is not an easy woman to love, but if you are one of the lucky few to love her, then life becomes much more than the 5 senses. She will strip you of any armor that you may have, leaving you feeling vulnerable and unsure... until the sound of her voice awakens you, until the sight of her beauty opens your eyes, until the taste of her lips heals you, until her fragrant scent gives you a high, and until the warmth of her touch gives you life... only then do you feel the sixth sense of Love. She becomes your armor, she becomes your life. She will re-define everything you thought the meaning of the word Love is to you. She is very beautiful to behold
1	nokian, trojan	7185971	Modern alternative for the word \"Trojan\".A non-self-replicating malware that gains access to the operating system while showing it's doing a common, non-harmful task; but in reality drops a malicious payload. It often creates a backdoor in the system security enabling unauthorized access to the target's computer.The modern day word \"Nokian\" is taken from a 2010-2013 episode when Stephen Elop became the CEO of Nokia and allegedly performed sabotage within the giant phone maker resulting in it's acquisition by the rival Microsoft. He was later awarded 25,000,000$ bonus for his task.
1	katusa, vagina	11161450	Another word for vagina
1	woonji, fail	7493075	Korean way to say fail.
	huehuehuehuehuehue, hue	9677461	The spasmic repetition of the word hue sounding something like HUIHUEIHOOIUEHUEHUE
1	luvb, love	3086033	another word for love...a cute way
1	elspara, obese	749315	another word for obese ; holding enough whale blubber to keep half the world warm for an entire year
1	premos, pornos	1555166	its another way to say pornos. you'll most likely use it when your mom or dad is around you.
1	rosies, fatties	2750830	another word for fatties or fat joints
	lod, lad	6166791	A new scouse derivative for the word lad or lid, meaning a male from the North West region.
1	booduh, booty	5675013	another way to say booty, ass or badonkeydonk
	dinglez, would	1925096	Common midwestern net parlance, dinglez (or teh dinglez, properly) is a multifaceted word, which has a malleable meaning depending on usage and inflection of the individual uttering or typing the word. Most common intended use for the word would be a declaration of happiness, or a seal of approval being stamped upon something (ie the shit, awesome)- whether truthfully or facetiously.
	dinglez, would	1928638	Common midwestern net parlance, dinglez (or teh dinglez, properly) is a multifaceted word, which has a malleable meaning depending on usage and inflection of the individual uttering or typing the word. Most common intended use for the word would be a declaration of happiness, or a seal of approval being stamped upon something (ie the shit, awesome)- whether truthfully or facetiously.
1	scoop'n, cool	3219680	Scoop'n is a replacement for the word cool.
	cyok, your	4913990	Another word for your cock! Coined by a southsider, it offers many a fun moment when used in the right context.
	cyok, your	4913991	Another word for your cock! Coined by a southsider, it offers many a fun moment when used in the right context.
1	da, dumbass	1096325	A different way of saying Dumbass
1	mods, moderators	7121599	Shortened version of the word Moderators. Mods are usually identified on image boards and forums like 4chan. They are the staff that make sure the forum rules are being followed, and delete threads and ban users that break them. Mods are often despised and hated largely by communities like 4chan, under conviction that they are too strict and that there is too much restriction.
1	heller, hello	1986729	The hip way to say \"hello\"... just add an R to anything.
1	heller, hello	5472404	nikki's way of saying hello. only she can say this word
1	pusc, pussy	12556173	Pusc is a better way of spelling pussy. The way you would read it would be \"Pus-c\" making you say the word pussy.
1	cunke, cunt	11602186	whatever randy wants it to mean.another word for cunt or twat.a loser.
1	rattled, shook	11436162	Angry, confused, or irritated. Also another word for shook.
3	sleki, sick	1937166	another word for sick or good
1	monkae, monkey	948047	One of the best and least used words in the dictionary (this one) Another way to say monkey, it's just cooler to say monkae. Easily confuses people because they don't know what you're saying
1	spave, cool	3208964	Another word for Cool, Yummy, Delicious, Amazing, Awesome, Fantastic, Terrific, Wonderful, Tasty, and Incredible.
1	sandnegro, sandnigger	826687	Polite way of saying sandnigger.
1	tandhak, cold	5403047	Another word for cold used commonly in many asian households. The literal translation is 'cold.'
	gundrum, love	4560227	A person who likes a drum-roll as the gun goes off; a specialized weapon made from scraps of a drum; the big bang,boom theory; a new kind of drumstick; leg of a bird that looks like a gun.A bossy,arrogant person; one who doesn't know the definition of the word \"love\" nor cares to; disorganized;creative;educated;user of peopleMEN: uses women; over confident; selfish WOMEN: meek supporter, strong willed, excellent cook
	sunt'n, something	1244637	A bastardization of the word \"Something\". Can be found in rural areas like Montana, South Dakota, Wyoming, and Nebraska.
	yurluup, yurluup	4210427	The word Yurluup is a noun with various meanings. It means yes, hey, hi , what's up, yo, and yup. Yurluup can mean whatever you make it and its a word generally used by me to show excitement.The origin of the word Yurluup is simple.Deshawn Harper of Philadelphia, created the word in his spare time. Extra bored and tired of using the same phrases as everyone else. He decided to create his own, so now Yurluup is in full effect. Yurluup!
	poklen, stems	11869478	A term used in Brunei Darussalam as a label to citizens(often the younger generations) that tries so hard to be as non-local as possible and fails to look or act proper in their attempt. often identified with poor fashion or naming sense, these \"poklens\" are often looked down upon.It can be deduced that the origin of the word stems from the older generation of the local term \"puak lain\" which literally means other tribe (puak=tribe, lain=other). however due to slang and communication difference( which could be attributed to difficulty in talking due to age) between the older generation and the younger generation its form is slightly altered and merged into one word: \"poklen\" (Pok=Puak, len=Lain).
	arani, unrequited	5717876	Another word for unrequited love. As demonstrated by Dante for Beatrice in La Vita Nuova or Charlie Brown for the Little-red-haired-girl in Peanuts
3	puswaa, pussy	2669522	French pronunciation of the word pussy. pus-waa.
1	niggre, nigger	5589531	British spelling of the word \"nigger\". It conveys the same level of degradation while carrying an English flare.
1	roach, cock	836914	as in cock roach. another word for cock, yay another way to say dick!
1	gopee, thing	4446510	A word you can substitute for the word 'thing' just to sound cool.
	peezy, peace	3818367	originated in candada, london ontario. peezy is the combination of the word peace and easy.
1	bullshecrocky, bullshit	1199178	A variable of the word bullshit. Orginiated in Lattimore,NC in late 1990's.
1	l337, leet	1360322	another way of saying \"leet\". short for elite. on a road trip up to the lake district i saw a car with l337 on their lisence plate!!! i can only hope the rather sour looking driver appreciates this legendary lisence plate.
1	rally, riots	11110438	Another word for riots made by liberals
1	ebsiflutely, absolutely	4801825	Ebsiflutely is a way of saying Absolutely. It was devised from Abso-fucking-lutely.
1	prohibidibi, prohibited	6097079	The more enthusiastic way to say prohibited and rolls off the tongue when yelling at someone how is doing the wrong thing. Known to be used by Bell and Wilko
	juju, that	12533423	A way to say that you are mad or something is dumb (like je joue)
1	soupizzle, soup	674310	a ghetto or gangsta way to say soup
1	silab, gay	3100947	Silab is a new and secret way of saying \"gay\". A couple kids seen a site made by Miss Silabsoft. Now the definition was made as they thought her site was gay.Silab can be taken in all differnt negative ways. This could also mean stupid, crappy, slutty, or my favorite whack! There is also a online book with this and more on the hidden language!
1	lolz, lol	1799716	a funky way of saying lol (laughing out loud)
1	lolz, lol	7031165	\"Lolz\" has two meanings. the first meaning is another way of saying \"lol\"but the second meaning is the mostly used abbreviation which is \"loving orange Latino zebras\"
1	lolz, lol	263240	Another word for \"lol\". But cooler.
1	lolz, lol	1425007	1. A more literate way of saying \"lol\". 2. A way for literates in chatrooms to make fun of illiterates.
1	lolz, lol	1676882	A tackier and more pointless way of saying Lol. Usually said by teenage girls accompanied with 'omg yeahhh'.
1	lolz, lol	2005810	shite way of saying \"lol\" scene wannabe kids say it.
1	lolz, lol	154102	The Tightest way of Saying LoL. Adds the person's own expression to this overused statement known as Laugh Out Loud. No one actually \"laugs out loud\" its just a comment people use to make other peoples jokes seem funny.
1	lolz, lol	11099414	not to be confused with (lols), it is another way of saying lol, except in a cringy and annoying way, we've all used it once, so don't worry!
1	lolz, lol	2324829	1337 way of saying \"LOL\".
1	popularity, conformity	1041666	a word with no real meaning. it is just another word for conformity and facist ways , so basically bullshit
1	zorp, zing	6248604	a new, dumber sounding and therefore funnier way of saying \"zing\"
1	bwatay, booty	3110299	this is an alternative and cool way of saying \"booty\" it is often used in Jamaica
3	niece, the	9409133	A fucking stupid way of saying the name \"Nic.\" This originated from the homo himself, Brandon Phliponeau. If you would like to contact Brandon all you have to say is \"Geometry is easy,\" u will know it's him when he comes around and starts arguing trying to make fun of you if your are not in advanced classes
1	hatputs, beast	2939470	Another term used for the word \"beast\" that is completely made-up and used only because of the overuse of \"beast\" itself to describe football players.
1	lap'd, laparotomy	1188295	(1) A shortened form of the word laparotomy, which is the surgical exploration of the abdomen accomplished by midline incision. The incision normally begins just inferior to the xyphoid process and continues inferiorally. (2) a derogatory term used to describe the besting of one's opponent.
	sorald, your	5762135	a way of saying your sorry in a way that means your not sorry at all.
1	barney, poop	1218708	1.A giant Purple Dinosaur who waits until all the adults are gone and then secretly takes the kids and tells them how happy lif is and nothing goes wrong. He promises them they'll be happier with him. Little do the kids know that Barney is secretly keeping them from their parents and demanding money from them for the release of the children. They cry and plead if they too much he'll pop a cap in their ass. Meanwhile the kids smile sing while cleaning up all of Barney's shit and pretend they are better then they actually ever will be. Until all of it spirals down and they find out Barney's been using them and spending the money on cocaine. 2.Another word for Poop. 3.A hippy who likes sex drugs and beer. 4.Another word for penis.
1	barney, poop	1218703	1.A giant Purple Dinosaur who waits until all the adults are gone and then secretly takes the kids and tells them how happy lif is and nothing goes wrong. He promises them they'll be happier with him. Little do the kids know that Barney is secretly keeping them from their parents and demanding money from them for the release of the children. They cry and plead if they too much he'll pop a cap in their ass. Meanwhile the kids smile sing while cleaning up all of Barney's shit and pretend they are better then they actually ever will be. Until all of it spirals down and they find out Barney's been using them and spending the money on cocaine. 2.Another word for Poop. 3.A hippy who likes sex drugs and beer. 4.Another word for penis.
1	wombass, dumbass	12578102	When somebody does something stupid or gets in trouble for something.Also another word for dumbass
1	shweedish, sweet	3221175	Used inplace of the word sweet when describing somthing as good or cool.
1	lit, something	10926506	Another word for something to be amazing or Ligit.
	derf, fuck	4528710	A word used as a censor for the word \"Fuck\". Can be used in any tense that \"Fuck\" can.
3	x&y, shite	1732348	Another way of saying Shite, boring, wanky, bollock ridden, cunt flap of a toe nail chewing monkey cum dribble of an album!
1	moula, money	11950504	A popular alternative word for money.Moula is normally used as slang for a substantial amount of cash. Often used in a celabratory sense or meaning of the word money, for example.\"Show me the Moula\"Ultimately holds the same meaning as the word money, paper or coinage that can be used to exchange for goods and services.As the old adage goes. Moula, you can't live with it, you can't live without it.
1	shanksh, thanks	1736530	basically a cooler way of saying thanks. props to MC, much love. you cool kids in sp who say it: you know who you are. also commonly used: \"schwat\" <-- figure it out
1	lovey, horny	1336674	another word for horny.. especially when youre high/drunk
